Richard McElwain: Kind of towards my left side a little bit and it just it, it felt
Richard McElwain: It just felt so unfamiliar and I was ready to like
Richard McElwain: I was ready to go after about 10 minutes of that I was ready to go. I was like, I can't do this. I told my girlfriend. We gotta get up and go to the hospital.
Richard McElwain: I was like, seriously, ready to go.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Richard McElwain: Trying to at the
Richard McElwain: Time. So, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Say that again, you're fine at times.
Richard McElwain: No, no, no. I was even crying.
Richard McElwain: Uncontrollably like I couldn't couldn't control anything
Mary Kastner: Because of the pain it
Richard McElwain: Will because of yeah that and just like I couldn't catch my breath, either.
Richard McElwain: Now, okay.
Richard McElwain: Breathing was, yeah.
Mary Kastner: How often does this happen.
Um,
Richard McElwain: It doesn't happen very often. Like maybe every
Richard McElwain: I don't know. I'm I get anxiety, like every so often I don't do swell and social situations out. Oh, dude. Oh, I'm oh
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yet, put the cat in the other room.
Mary Kastner: So you go ahead and do that. I'm going to just talk to the computer a minute transcriptionist needs to catch up on where we are.
Mary Kastner: So this is Richard mcelwain Mr in 3329 we started in session. I would say around 915 he was a little late, checking in, plus the front desk is backed up.
Mary Kastner: He said he had no sleep until 4am this morning. So that's why the late check in. He says his routine bedtime is 10pm, and then he often will wake up at 2am terminally when was the panic attack that you described.
Richard McElwain: That one was
Richard McElwain: I have paperwork somewhere around here. I went to load I Memorial Hospital for that one. I'm
Mary Kastner: A week ago, two weeks ago.
Richard McElwain: Know that one was like a month ago, or, or, no, no. That one wasn't a month ago, that one was that one was a probably a few months ago and I had one kind of similar to it, which
Richard McElwain: I mean, I didn't, you know, since I knew I was having panic attacks. I didn't go
Mary Kastner: In go
Richard McElwain: Send it out.
To me.
Mary Kastner: Complete a release of information for Lodi so when you call back into the front desk.
Mary Kastner: Please do that and then set up another appointment with me next Monday. So we can finish the intake. So call back in, you have two things to do set up appointment with me Monday.
Mary Kastner: And get a release of information for that Lodi but we have another 10 minutes. So I want to get some more information from you now so
Mary Kastner: Richard had a panic attack. About a month ago where he went to Lodi Memorial emergency room because he was
Richard McElwain: A few
Richard McElwain: A few months ago, it was a few months ago. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Woke up with
Mary Kastner: Extreme left chest pain, such that he started crying uncontrollably due to the pain and couldn't catch his breath.
Mary Kastner: All the systems were checked in the emergency room to be normal. And then since then he's had another such attack but didn't go to the emergency room because he knows that it's more panic.
Mary Kastner: So anyway, you say you frequently will have kind of anxiety in social situations, anyway.
Richard McElwain: Yeah, and like the doctor and the dentist is not like I don't like going at all. I don't like needles needles really get me and
Richard McElwain: Okay, it's
Mary Kastner: Okay, with our visit
Richard McElwain: Yeah okay this is this is like in the comfort of my own home. I feel very comfortable with this. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any other PHOBIAS THAT YOU HAVE besides needles and doctors and dentists.
Richard McElwain: Really, I mean,
Richard McElwain: Other than losing control like losing control of what I'm doing.
Mary Kastner: Like yeah
Richard McElwain: I don't have. I don't have any control over what I'm doing. I kind of get a little
Richard McElwain: Yeah, I get
Mary Kastner: But you're not fearful.
Richard McElwain: No, okay, not not super fearful now.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Richard McElwain: So I DO AVOID I do avoid going to the store a lot, stuff like that. I don't
Mary Kastner: I don't watch a
Mary Kastner: Lot of social anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay so your pH q nine or depression inventory score was 20 which is severe
Mary Kastner: Your cures report was negative. And that's a report from the State of California for controlled substance substance.
Mary Kastner: Your target symptoms that you mentioned on your intake questionnaire were that you were depressed and had a sad mood. Are you depressed right now.
Richard McElwain: Not right now. No.
Richard McElwain: I feel better because I'm like actually talking to somebody
Richard McElwain: That was professional like credential so
Mary Kastner: Yeah. OK. So depression to 10 being the worst depression, you've ever had. How would you rate your depression right now.
Richard McElwain: I'm
Richard McElwain: For I guess I could say that.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any thoughts of hurting yourself and you have you ever made an attempt to hurt yourself.
Richard McElwain: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and anxiety 10 being the worst things it you've ever had, which to me sounds like that panic attack. Where would you rate your anxiety today.
Richard McElwain: Probably out of five.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Are you having any physical pain.
Richard McElwain: No. Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: So then you also mentioned in that inventory that you took
Mary Kastner: That you had suicidal thoughts.
Richard McElwain: Yeah, that I'd have them I've have had them before. Yes. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Any plan as to what you would do.
Richard McElwain: No.
Mary Kastner: Do you have access to firearms in your home.
Richard McElwain: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So suicidal thoughts. Do you mean no particular action you would take, but just feeling like it'd be better off dead.
Richard McElwain: That's probably
Mary Kastner: Ok ok and then you mentioned that you don't get pleasure from things that typically give you pleasure.
Richard McElwain: Yeah, on certain date. Yeah, when I do feel
Richard McElwain: Down or even anxious I just I can't be like in the right mind state to be accepting anything like isolated and
Richard McElwain: And let alone.
Mary Kastner: A lot of isolation.
Richard McElwain: Yeah, unless it's my girlfriend. I really trust her. So I can, you know, always
Mary Kastner: Is she okay with your
Mary Kastner: Relationship.
Richard McElwain: Yeah, she's it's it's pretty good. It's okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Are you worried about anything in particular.
Richard McElwain: I'm not, not, not really. I mean, she's, she's left me before, but, um, we've like you know patch things up. And we've only had like a
Richard McElwain: I don't know, maybe under a year break but we've been together a long time. So we know each other. And, you know, we actually respect each other's you know distance and stuff like that.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then, have you had any trauma.
Richard McElwain: Um, other than
Richard McElwain: Going like through my childhood with my grandfather, he was pretty abusive and he used to drink a lot
Richard McElwain: Okay, probably was the main reason why he was so abusive so
Mary Kastner: And so did you live with him.
Richard McElwain: I did, I did, actually, I lived in my grandma, my grandpa a lot and my mom kinda was. You know, they're not there, you know,
Richard McElwain: So she she did what she could I guess as
Richard McElwain: What she could as a mom and her situation is
Richard McElwain: Weird
Richard McElwain: Yeah, um, I definitely have a little bit of respect for my long though for, you know, putting up with you know her lifestyle choices and doing all that. Yeah, leaving us, but my grandma.
Richard McElwain: But I mean, she wasn't like, gone, gone like my dad was so okay my dad didn't really, you know, he showed his face, but he didn't really do anything. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And are you angry about anything or hyper irritable.
Richard McElwain: I get a good kind of irritable, though. Yeah, I do get irritable when when I'm anxious and, you know, I don't really have much control and kind of do get temperamental and irritable. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: How often is that
Richard McElwain: Um,
Richard McElwain: Maybe, maybe weekly a couple times a week.
Richard McElwain: Maybe more. I don't know. It just depends, I guess. Okay, I'm feeling
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Go ahead.
Richard McElwain: Sorry I play video games to sometimes kind of take my mind off of things.
Richard McElwain: Yeah, it does. It really does kind of helped me therapeutically a little bit
Mary Kastner: And how about you mark that you had a weight loss of over 10 pounds.
Richard McElwain: Huh, yeah, I'm a little
Richard McElwain: On the skinny side right now because I'm I'm going through dental work and I haven't done this, since I was 16 so a lot of
Mary Kastner: Variety around that.
Mary Kastner: Work.
Richard McElwain: Yeah, dental work yeah needles.
Mary Kastner: Are you doing right now.
Richard McElwain: Um, so I've had
Richard McElwain: I've had about maybe four
Richard McElwain: I've had five teeth removed in the back so far. And I'm trying to get all the bad teeth in the back out because of prolonging you know the decaying of my wisdom teeth have have, you know, reached of others. So
Richard McElwain: Over time me not going my mouth just basically decayed. I mean, I don't like showing people, but I can, and it's it's terrible. Like my teeth were like CRACKING AND BREAKING and half and food is getting trapped in where the nerve endings are. And it was just causing me so much pain.
Richard McElwain: And I finally found a dentist that that helps that I can actually help me so
Mary Kastner: How do you handle that with your anxiety going
Richard McElwain: She gives me anxiety medication.
Mary Kastner: What is that
What is
Richard McElwain: The bottle bottle.
Mary Kastner: It's not showing up on the
Richard McElwain: On the register for that.
Richard McElwain: I'll press or lamb.
Mary Kastner: Hmm, how often are you taking that
Richard McElwain: Just the for the appointments
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Richard McElwain: Does it help it does help. Actually, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, can you tell me what the dosages
Richard McElwain: It's says let's see it says
Richard McElwain: El Paso and 0.5 and I'll
Mary Kastner: Just take it before you go.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: No other time.
Richard McElwain: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. And are you feeling, you know, hopeful at all that things may change for you.
Richard McElwain: Yeah, yeah. Ever since, going to the dentist and actually being able to assess the problem with my mouth.
Richard McElwain: It is kind of
Mary Kastner: Getting better. Okay.
Richard McElwain: And I, after all this is said and done, I could probably chew on actual healthy food.
Richard McElwain: So able to you know actually put weight back on, which is a good thing. So
Richard McElwain: I'm trying
Richard McElwain: Right steps.
Richard McElwain: I just want to run on time, you're doing well you're doing well so
Mary Kastner: Um, we're gonna keep going. I do have a 930 but she hasn't checked her he hasn't checked in yet so
Mary Kastner: When that person checks in, we're going to have to stop. So right now I want to tell you that we have a mental health group.
Mary Kastner: Online like this that I would like you to come to, um, yeah. That person just checked in. It's at seven o'clock on Mondays. So if you could try to be there, we do talk a lot about anxiety.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Teaching you some tools to use. And so if you could do that you would check in at 645
Mary Kastner: And if you can't come tonight come next Monday. I'll be in the group tonight. I can introduce you next Monday. I won't be
Richard McElwain: Okay.
Mary Kastner: In the meantime, would you like to start on some medication. Have you ever been on any kind of medication.
Mary Kastner: Or anxiety or any mental health.
Richard McElwain: Problems. No, I haven't.
Richard McElwain: Okay, except for the
Richard McElwain: Prize
Mary Kastner: Yeah, one of the one of the very, you know, kind of, I would say design easy medications to take
Richard McElwain: Sorry, sorry.
Mary Kastner: So laughter sertraline
Mary Kastner: We could start that it's a selective serotonin Lee uptake inhibitor, it'll help control your mood.
Mary Kastner: Make it more stable less anxious
Mary Kastner: You would take one in the morning for a week and then you go to one and a half.
Mary Kastner: What it is, is it lets a serotonin that's already in your brain that controls mood and sleep.
Mary Kastner: Stay in the synopsis of your brain, rather than getting reabsorbed. So it's not putting something
Mary Kastner: Um, what would I say not naturally into your body. It just allows your brain to keep that nice lubricating serotonin. We're supposed to be, instead of being absorbed.
Richard McElwain: Okay.
Mary Kastner: We could start that and
Mary Kastner: Then I would see you next week, see how you like it and then we could finish doing this intake, because there's a lot of questions. I need to ask you for the intake and we only had 15 minutes today, but we got through the
Mary Kastner: Target symptoms. And the reason why you came and came up with the temporary treatment plan.
Richard McElwain: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You want me to try that.
Richard McElwain: Um, yeah, you said that I'd have to take it every day.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you. Yeah. All of these brain medications accept things like for anxiety for situational anxiety, like the Xanax, you take daily
Mary Kastner: Because they have to build up a
Mary Kastner: Blood level.
Richard McElwain: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And, you know, antidepressants are not something you take lightly because your, your brain really gets nice and used to this nice lubricating factor that I'm talking about in for you to just all of a sudden stop taking it.
Mary Kastner: You know, it's not fair. It's not fair to your brain, Nate.
Mary Kastner: The cell size can actually change if you keep going on and off medication.
Mary Kastner: So you don't want to do that.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to order dessert what pharmacy. Do you go to
Richard McElwain: CVS. I think it's quite like
Mary Kastner: All lakes.
Richard McElwain: Yeah quail.
Likes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And is that in Stockton.
Richard McElwain: Yes, that is instruct
Mary Kastner: Me just get this in here and then you tried to check in and group tonight, but definitely call back in and make an appointment for next Monday.
Mary Kastner: And sign that release of
Mary Kastner: Information for the Lodi hospital.
Richard McElwain: Okay, um. Are you guys gonna send me an email for that one for the release form.
Mary Kastner: Know you call back in and they will show you how to do it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah.
Richard McElwain: Okay, so what number do I call. Is it like a nine two number
Mary Kastner: The front desk number
Richard McElwain: Um,
Richard McElwain: I don't think I know that one though.
Mary Kastner: The one you called in today, put you into my
Richard McElwain: Clan. Oh, hold the like the visiting room thing.
Richard McElwain: Yes. Okay. Okay. That number and the zoom app. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Well, not the zoom. Well, I guess you have to do a zoom in order to get to the front desk.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we're just going to try this medicine. I'll see you next Monday and
Mary Kastner: Hmm.
Mary Kastner: I want to make sure I get the right CBS
Richard McElwain: Is 2505 West marshalling
Mary Kastner: What's the zip code.
It says 95207
Mary Kastner: There's one on Pacific Avenue in West march lane is the West march lane.
Richard McElwain: On
Mary Kastner: 2605 West march lane.
Richard McElwain: Oh, that's a six okay yeah 2605 West march line.
Richard McElwain: My pharmacy.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it's called in hopefully I'll see you in group tonight. Definitely next Monday.
Mary Kastner: Ok ok and then we will continue because there. There's a lot more, we need to do to get you established in our program here.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Richard McElwain: Okay you. Take care. Thank you.
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Hi, thank you for waiting.
Mary Kastner: Hi, my name is Mary is pretty
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: This is our
Okay.
Mary Kastner: What can I do for you today. I'm a nurse practitioner in psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: And I have a little bit of information about you. But why are you calling into bright heart health.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Well, I had a
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Psychiatry, but my insurance doesn't cover.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Uh huh. And I'm suffering from PTSD.
Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: And I was only given
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I used to be on solo off that then I was offered because my insurance wasn't covering it. So now I have a new insurance. And I guess you guys are covered. And I'm not on the pills and my PTSD got really, really worse that was having bad tantrums and anger and anxiety was pretty bad.
Mary Kastner: What happens during your tantrums.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I just start shaking my teeth starts to like trembling, I get angry. I feel like I just want to break something I step out of my house.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Or it's like I don't want anybody near me because I feel like I will hurt somebody, but I don't I try to just like hurt myself.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Because I can't control it for like a minute or two, and I start crying. I started screaming, it's, it's like really hard and I feel like my family doesn't understand what I'm going through
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Can you tell me a little bit about why you have the PTSD.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I had a rough family background. A lot of alcoholics and getting
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: A lot of abusive. You know, I used to get abused a lot and accused for a lot for my dad, especially when he will drink a lot and then
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: You're trying to beat me up and then he used to hit my mom a lot and I used to see that it is just it was hard for me to handle it, because I was
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I couldn't help my mom, you know, or like save her. And then he will. He will drink too much were no start breaking stuff in the house. We had nowhere to go. He will hit my brother a lot
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: And then I guess what happened was he was gambling too much. He was losing a lot of money and then he actually went into suicide because he was suffering from depression.
Mary Kastner: So he he killed himself.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes, he went in something to like the levee
Mary Kastner: He, he drove into 11 here jumper.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: He jumped in. HE PARKED HIS CAR. And then he jumped in.
Wow.
Mary Kastner: Wow. How old were you then.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: 24. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And when did you leave the house.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Well now that I'm married. I live in with my husband now.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Mm hmm. But I just it sometimes feels like like
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Like my dad spirit sometimes comes in haunts me because there were times where I will see him just standing in front of me, and he will like like coming. Give me like warning signs like where I'm going to take you with me or
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: If you come near the water. I'll push you in, like, like I will hear those kind of stuff.
Mary Kastner: And you realize it that it's not real, but that
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: But you're still having experience.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, and I will have my really bad dream, you know, and I'll get up in the night. Start walking and my heartbeat will pound too much. And it's like, what's going on, and I've been suffering this since 2000 2011
Wow.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I was on Zoloft, I was on 50 milligram that didn't work so he put me up in hundred milligram been what happened 100 milligram made me really fatigue made me really sleepy.
Mary Kastner: Did you move it to the bedtime.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, that's been my insurance got cut off.
Mary Kastner: Okay, that's what I would do, I would start you back on the 100 and move it to the bed time
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Did it help it all.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: The Zoloft, I take it, like right now my primary doctor since I went and she knew I was suffering from it. And so she was like, well, your psychiatry doesn't cover. So I'm going to just prescribe you 30 pills, which are hundred milligrams all off.
Mary Kastner: What are you taking in the whole pill.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: So I'm just taking that first thing in the morning, but sometimes I feel like
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: It sometimes like I just get angry real quick.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, or I'm like, or I tell my husband. Like, I can't do it no more like you doing
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Then I have a three year old daughter to which is she's a handful. You know, so I I tried to be positive with her.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Because I don't want her seeing me going through all this.
Mary Kastner: When you don't want her to go through what you went through, you know. Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, I don't. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so let me back up a little bit.
Mary Kastner: Um, we're going to talk a little bit into the
Mary Kastner: Into the camera. Here we have a transcription is that transcribed and I'm going to kind of catch her up where we are.
Mary Kastner: And then you can kind of chime in and tell me whether I'm correct or not.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so this is pretty see walk. Is that how you say your last name. See, walk
Mary Kastner: Yeah, Mr in 3314 we started about about 937 we're a little late because my other
Mary Kastner: Patient went over because
Mary Kastner: He was late.
Mary Kastner: So pretty is married woman. I think you're 33, is that correct
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And she's here to get
Mary Kastner: Refill on or Zoloft or whatever we feel pertinent for treatment of PTSD. She had a psychiatrist in her insurance quit a covering him so her primary care was able to continue this offer 30 pills.
Mary Kastner: We're going to continue that because it did help. Is that correct, except the side effect of
Mary Kastner: Sedation when you went up from 50 to 100
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah. Yes.
Mary Kastner: But we're going to move it to bed time
Mary Kastner: Um, and you took a pH q nine which is the depression test and it came out pretty severe like 26
Mary Kastner: Yes, um,
Mary Kastner: It says here, your Pacific Islanders that correct
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Your cures report showed her lorazepam are added than one milligram given to you in April.
Mary Kastner: Was that helpful.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes, that was helping me, but I was only like five, six pills and I think I was prescribed for anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and it was helpful.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then the chocolate symptoms that you mentioned that you mentioned in our intake was that you're sad, you're depressed.
Mary Kastner: Yes. So 10 being the most depressed. You've ever been. Where would you rate your depression today.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Nine.
Really
Mary Kastner: Are you having any thoughts to hurt yourself or kill yourself.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, not at this point. No, but I just feel like I'm helpless like I like I feel like I want to do something. But then I think, oh, I can do it. I can do it.
Mary Kastner: And then you hear his father's voice or auditory
Mary Kastner: Hallucination or I would call it an illusion.
Mary Kastner: Maybe sometimes seeing. So it would be auditory and visual seeing and hearing your father telling you to do that to hurt yourself.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Yes, before he might
Mary Kastner: Yes, so this is
Mary Kastner: Scary.
Mary Kastner: This is pretty serious. Do you have the suicide crisis hotline number
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, we need to get that for you. Um, let me see if I can rough it up here in my papers.
Mary Kastner: And you should put that in your phone. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I think the best thing that you're doing is, you know, getting out of the situation.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes.
Mary Kastner: When you feel that way and and trying to divert yourself, but you should also, you know, call in. Do you ever talk to your husband about having this this feeling
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I do. And he know he tells me that you know you need to go see a psychiatrist.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: He's like, I can't help you. Anyway, I, you know, like maybe they could help you, they could put your medicine.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: He gets worried to leaving me or leaving me home, or he thinks that will hurt myself or do something, you know,
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: And I don't want him to get all stressed out.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Is he working
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes. He works.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Well, the other thing is sometimes just to reassure him that. Yes. Um,
Mary Kastner: You know that you need to talk to somebody and you're going to do that. But right now, just let me talk to you, you know, and then the suicide hotline number. It's not coming real available to me right now, but I can look it up for you.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I could look it up.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then habit you know on
Mary Kastner: A punch number on your phone. So you can just punch it you know
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, I
Mary Kastner: Don't know why it's not coming available to me. But anyway, um,
Mary Kastner: Do you have access to firearms.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, that's a good thing.
Mary Kastner: And when you do have these thoughts do you have a plan as to how you would hurt yourself.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Somewhat. Yeah, I do. But then I feel like, then I get scared and I don't do it.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Because I know what's gonna happen.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. What kind of thoughts do you have, how would you do it.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Like this one time I will get like a knife and I'm trying to cut my wrist.
Mm hmm.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: But then I wasn't, I didn't put the knife on top of my race. I put on top of like a sweater.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: So sweater got cut when I'm always
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Huh, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Do you have good friends that you can talk to
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, I don't have any friends, besides my family or my husband. That's it.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: She pretty isolated.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So we have a group
Mary Kastner: That meets on Mondays at seven. Is that a time that you could meet with us.
Mary Kastner: As well. Um, it's
Mary Kastner: It's online.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Seven in the morning or seven afternoon.
Mary Kastner: seven in the evening. Okay. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. Do you want to write this down.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, go ahead.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: One 802 738
Mary Kastner: To five
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I'm gonna write that in my folder so I don't have to be fooling around, looking forward in the future.
Mary Kastner: So anyway, the mental health group that I'm talking about. You call in about 645
Mary Kastner: And they'll tell you the room number on zoom
Mary Kastner: And then we meet, and you kind of check in, as to how the week went for you.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I work in the evenings. That's the problem. I start work at five, and I don't get home until 1030
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. Well, that wouldn't work. I have a four o'clock, but it wouldn't be done until five. So you probably don't want to
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I will do my morning only yeah
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. Okay, well, we'll, we'll find if there's another one that you could join
Mary Kastner: I don't have a problem with that. And then I'll restart your suicide. Your suicide. Your Zoloft
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Today,
Mary Kastner: And then I don't know. Have you ever tried anything else besides cutting yourself.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, that's it. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So is it possible to kind of get your
Mary Kastner: Get the sharp things away, put them away.
Mary Kastner: Or is it just working for you to just get out of the
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Get out of the situation. I just get out
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, I just go like leave my house go somewhere where it's kind of really quiet and I could just sit down.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I feel like the more I cry, the more I feel relief.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And then what happens then if you have a you know if your husband's not at home.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: My mother in law stays home. Oh.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you could get out and leave your somebody would be there with your daughter.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, as far as anxiety goes
Mary Kastner: 10 being the most anxious. You've ever been. Where would you rate your anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had panic.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes.
Mary Kastner: And what is that like
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: It's like a really like I get really excessive sweating and I started shaking
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: And I'm like,
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I start
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Breathing I get scared. Fast breathing.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what do you do to stop that.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: It's the same thing. I just step out, I just need my space. I don't want to me.
Uh huh. Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm just now putting in your ear so loft.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: In the pharmacist of privacy. Oh no. Take it in the morning and I'm telling you, take it at night.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: So, what, what, what about thought that, like in the morning thought the day. What if I feel really messed up.
Mary Kastner: Discovery discovered you the whole 24 hours, you need to take it.
Mary Kastner: Every day.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: At night.
At night.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Cuz I don't want to be like often that I'm going back to like normal, like like back to a mess.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, didn't work at all for you in the past.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: This was the first time trying this. Oh.
Mary Kastner: But you said the doctor had given you a 50 and then when you went up to
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: 150 wasn't working that much.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you really haven't tried to 100 long enough to know
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes, I haven't
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I don't know, I'm not going to give you
Mary Kastner: I'll give you enough because it should work for me to get just because I'm worried about your insurance and not covering
Mary Kastner: It, it'll cover, but I mean if you have to pay a copay will give you enough
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: What farms. Did you go to
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I go to
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: CVS on Mark lane. It's a 24 hours pharmacy. I don't have the address to it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I know where it is.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it is called Dan and I'm going to tell the pharmacist.
Mary Kastner: You get sedated.
Mary Kastner: So take in evening.
Mary Kastner: Will you remember it.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, I remember I went on my phone and reminder
Mary Kastner: Okay okay so smart way to do it.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay, so, um,
Mary Kastner: When you call back in today when we're done. Would you please ask them to make you an appointment for Monday with me. So we can finish this intake and I can see how you're doing with this in the evening.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, so this Monday.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, this is
Mary Kastner: A week from today.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay, I'll do that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so. Until my next person checks in let's just keep talking here. Um, are you sleeping. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Not really. How many hours of sleep. Are you getting
Five.
Mary Kastner: What time you go to bed.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Like around 1230 in the midnight one, sometimes I can fall asleep. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then once you get to bed. How long does it take you to get to sleep.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Like in 30 minutes
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then how long will you sleep before awaking
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Five and a half.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Not can't get it to go any longer.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay, so I would take the Zoloft, you know, like after dinner.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then hopefully it'll make you sleepy enough to get to bed a little earlier and keep you
Mary Kastner: keep you asleep. You also mark that you don't get pleasure from things that typically give you pleasure.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, I know. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And then are you worried about anything particular
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Can you tell me more about that.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Well, I'm worried more because
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: I already had a hard time considering my first baby.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: And I've been crying for almost three years and I don't know if it's because of my PTSD or medicine or whatever, like it's hard for me to get pregnant now even though I'm trying really hard.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: And then my husband had a back surgery. So that was like a big stress on my head.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you particularly fearful, but anything have a phobia.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Um,
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: No, not really.
Mary Kastner: And then it says that you lost more than 10 pounds recently.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, I feel like I am losing weight, cuz my eating is so bad. I can only eat some time I eat once a day.
Mary Kastner: As well rounded like you eat vegetables and fruits and protein and Gary
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: It's more like the toast and milk.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Well, that's a real
Mary Kastner: real important. Especially if you're trying to have, you know, conceive, you have to have well rounded meals, plan your meals cook your husband, you know, you probably have to have a nice meal made if he's working and your daughter.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: Think about that. Okay.
Mary Kastner: How much do you weigh now.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Right now way 170
Mary Kastner: And how tall are you,
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Five eight. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, and then you mark that you have all these symptoms of, you know, PTSD, where you feel kind of numb.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yeah, I'm kind of fingers.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: No, I mean, emotionally numb.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And are you having any physical pain.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: This my back and my sometime I right side of my head.
Mary Kastner: And what do you have pain right now.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: On my back. Yeah, my head was pretty bad, so that the doctor. That's why she wanted me to do blood work to see why my head is hurting
Mary Kastner: Okay, and so did you do the blood work.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Yes, already did.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we need to send for that.
Result.
Mary Kastner: 10 being the most pain you've ever had.
Mary Kastner: What is it, what you're paying now.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: By okay
Mary Kastner: So I'm looking to see if we have a release of information.
Mary Kastner: What doctors that that had the blood work done.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Jennifer Rivera.
Mary Kastner: And how do you spell her last name.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Our IV.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Era.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I don't see it.
Mary Kastner: So when you call back in pretty asked to set sign a release of information for that doctor okay and tell them you want I want it sent. So you can. I can get your blood work results.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you want an appointment for Monday.
Mary Kastner: OK. OK. So I call the soul loft in
Mary Kastner: I'm going to ask the therapist is to set up a morning appointment with you. I know you can't come to the evening group you're going to try to see me on Monday, you can make an appointment for next Monday.
Mary Kastner: Well, then we'll finish this intake.
Mary Kastner: And you're going to take this all often the evening.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you have the emergency suicide crisis hotline.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. Okay. Priest. Nice to meet you.
Galaxy Note10+ 5G: Thank you very much. You take care you too. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so I'm going to give him her in a diagnosis of PTSD.
Mary Kastner: And major depressive disorder.
Mary Kastner: I would say single episode severe and I ordered those old locked 100 milligrams at HHS gave her the crisis hotline for suicide.
Mary Kastner: invited her to mental health group going to make a plan to see her on Monday and get therapy appointment for her in the mornings, the previous patient that I didn't finish as well as Richard medical when I gave him an appoint a diagnosis of generalized anxiety disorder.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: We started the Zoloft 100 in the morning for one week increase to 150 thereafter.
Mary Kastner: The plan is for him also to make an appointment with me on Monday and to join mental health group. OK, now I'm going to admit Erica spore letter. Mr. In three, three to six.
Mary Kastner: Hello.
Mary Kastner: Eric
Mary Kastner: Hi. Hi. You can see and hear me okay
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay, great. I'm Mary casner I'm a psychiatric nurse practitioner. Hi, what can we do for you today.
Erika Sporleder: Well, I am
Erika Sporleder: I was
Erika Sporleder: Like I just here in Stockton and was diagnosed with depression, anxiety and psychosis and so he had me on several types of medications that I wanted to get back on them.
Erika Sporleder: But I was into my ex husband's insurance at the time and I was dropped right like a few years after divorce was final so
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what's the name of that psychiatrist.
Erika Sporleder: His name is Dr. Christopher van shank
Mary Kastner: Okay, it looks like we have a release of information. So I'm going to try to get those medical records.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what are your symptoms right now.
Erika Sporleder: Right now. Well, the way I'm okay. That's not a he was a little depressed, but him in my sleep patterns are off to
Mary Kastner: Okay, how many hours of sleep. Are you getting
Erika Sporleder: Married. It can go from three hours to eight hours. It is never consistent at all.
Mary Kastner: What time do you get to bed at night.
Erika Sporleder: Well, I try to go to bed every night 930 but then there's times that I just, I just can't WRESTLE around and I'll just get back out in the front room and watch TV movie fall asleep on the couch.
Erika Sporleder: In my bedroom. So
Mary Kastner: And then what time are you up for good.
Erika Sporleder: Out our good. There's a till two in the morning and just just get sleep women's wrestling.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you might speak from 930 at night to two in the morning.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah. And then we get an apple, I go back to sleep million hours later, after that.
Uh huh.
Erika Sporleder: But my sleep is it's never solid, solid sleep.
Erika Sporleder: All the way through. Okay, everlasting, stuff like that.
Mary Kastner: And what do you mean by psychosis.
Erika Sporleder: And hallucinations.
Mary Kastner: Just a second. I'm going to shut the store.
Mary Kastner: What do you mean by hallucination.
Erika Sporleder: But they started out as visual than they did. They did they progress they got they became auditory
Erika Sporleder: I was hearing things and but to the point where I've had been arrested several times because of it because I really thought that these things were there and it just, it was causing you know ruckus in my condominium complex and
Mary Kastner: You said you saw what
Erika Sporleder: I would see be like I would see me people trying to break into my house I was I was convinced somebody was trying to break into my house and I was convinced that people were holding me hostage in my own house. It wouldn't let me out.
Erika Sporleder: The people are trying to steal my car and I would see them drive away in my car right here. Laughing It was it was awful.
Erika Sporleder: I wish on my worst enemy. It was awful.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And why would they arrest you.
Erika Sporleder: Because they because I was out of control.
Mary Kastner: And what do you mean by that.
Erika Sporleder: Maybe that was screaming and yelling and throwing myself AROUND AND YOU KNOW, ARGUING WITH THE with officers and you know you're not listening to me you can't see him, he would just get to get loud and escalated.
Mary Kastner: Okay so visual and auditory hallucinations around people breaking into your car or your
Erika Sporleder: apartment house. Yeah. And I've seen like
Erika Sporleder: My neighbor around here, your son is has Down syndrome and one and. He's a great kid and when, when I had illusions. There was two other adults here in my, in my bedroom.
Erika Sporleder: And there was like 100 Down syndrome kids that I can call my ex husband and I said get them out of my house and there was nobody here, but I was convinced
Erika Sporleder: It was all to really was there. To this day I still can't tell you what I believe it was real or not.
Erika Sporleder: It says that hard for me.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And but typically there's, you know, been nobody, no nothing.
Erika Sporleder: No, nothing. I mean, I've got neighbors doors. Look, look there, right there. And they're like, No.
Erika Sporleder: Erica you my son, he was seven. Seven and a half at the time. And he said, Mom, there's nobody there. And so my son got taken away.
Erika Sporleder: Because of all my psychiatric problems I had a substance abuse problem too.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what do you mean by self service.
Erika Sporleder: Jobs and drugs and alcohol.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what kind of drugs.
Erika Sporleder: Methamphetamine
Mary Kastner: And when's the last time you use that
Mary Kastner: Months ago months ago.
Erika Sporleder: Three or four months ago.
Mary Kastner: How about alcohol.
Erika Sporleder: Alcohol and maybe a few months ago.
Erika Sporleder: What I would do rehab, but I didn't complete it.
Mary Kastner: How much do you were you drinking
Erika Sporleder: I was at the most, two pints day it was
Erika Sporleder: Okay, that was that that was the beer Julian I'd I just was in the hospital last year and for our routine August and October.
Erika Sporleder: Because my dad was worried about me. I hadn't talked to me. And when he came into my condominium he found me on the ground. I was totally the in curled up in fetal position with throw up everywhere and
Erika Sporleder: And it was, you know, exceeding bowel movements all over the place. And so I went to the hospital and I
Erika Sporleder: Diagnosed with an alcoholic neurology, so I have to use the walker now because I can't really walk. I'm getting better at actually
Mary Kastner: Okay. How long were you in the hospital.
Erika Sporleder: For three months. OK.
Mary Kastner: October.
Erika Sporleder: August to October August. Yeah, October.
Mary Kastner: And that's after your dad found you.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, yeah. He's a, you know, you tried calling and heard from, you know, few days and he just looks like a mile away. So he came by and then he found me in that in that situation. So he called the ambulance right away.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And how about any other drugs.
Mary Kastner: Know cocaine. No. Okay. Any opiates or pill.
Mary Kastner: downers like Ben's those values. Okay, how about tobacco.
Erika Sporleder: Smoke.
Mary Kastner: And how much do you smoke.
Mary Kastner: Monday 6675606 cigarettes a day.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: Are you depressed now.
Erika Sporleder: Now, I was last night, a little bit but
Erika Sporleder: We snapped out of it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, your depression inventory pH q nine showed a score of 11 which is moderate depression. So if, as far as your mood right now 10 being the most depressed. You've ever been. Where would you rate your mood.
Erika Sporleder: Probably five
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about anxiety.
Erika Sporleder: No. Yeah, good. All right, now
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: That's going to get to the anxiety attacks. They're bad
Erika Sporleder: What has are like panting really hard and shaking and
Mary Kastner: Dancing
Erika Sporleder: Nope, I said pan like like panicking gasping for air and like that and then they start shaking a lot
Mary Kastner: Shaking and then kind of gasping for breath.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, for a lot. Yeah, I wouldn't get too.
Mary Kastner: often does that happen.
Erika Sporleder: Usually once a week, once a week, once every two weeks.
Mary Kastner: And are you on any medications. Now,
Erika Sporleder: No, I'm not.
Mary Kastner: None at all.
Erika Sporleder: None
Mary Kastner: None for your physical health, or your psychiatric
Erika Sporleder: Mm hmm. I take vitamins.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what kind of vitamins.
Erika Sporleder: Can be 12 I think it is. OK.
Mary Kastner: I know you have any suicidal thoughts.
Erika Sporleder: Not today.
Mary Kastner: No, I did a cures.
Mary Kastner: Which is the state registry for controlled substances you back in September. You had a Viking in five for 20 number 27 for seven days.
Erika Sporleder: Where you tend to let you
Mary Kastner: We taking pain pills back in September. I checked the registry and he gave you
Erika Sporleder: I think I may have while I was in the hospital. I mean,
Mary Kastner: You don't know what pain was for
Erika Sporleder: My legs. I would assume when I was pretty out of it, the whole thing. When I was in the hospital. I think I was missing three times a day. So I don't, I don't know what I would say.
Mary Kastner: Don't want you to
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you see right now. You don't have any suicidal thoughts.
Mary Kastner: You have had. So with that,
Mary Kastner: Said, Okay, when was that
Erika Sporleder: I'm probably last week.
Erika Sporleder: And
Mary Kastner: Did you have a plan.
Erika Sporleder: No, I just, I just think it'd be it'd be better if I was the yourself and
Mary Kastner: Your son temporarily out of your home.
Erika Sporleder: And he lives with his dad down, but I see him like Monday through Friday and we're just getting back now to where he can spit spit in the night again. But he did prior to that he was living with me.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: But when all this all this psychosis and all the hallucinations happened.
Erika Sporleder: And I was going to jail. I go into the hospitals and mental hospitals that they have maybe he took them away, which was the right you do
Mary Kastner: Okay. So you haven't had any alcohol or math since that hospitalization.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any plans to stay abstinent
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, I mean I have had no problem with it.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: I think it was because I was not detoxing was easier when I was in the hospital. Yeah.
Erika Sporleder: That's really good.
Erika Sporleder: I have no, not at this moment. No, I don't.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, you get stressed out in the first thing you want to do is drink or something, but it's it's not an option for you.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what I'm going to do right now is I'm going to just continue with our intake process. It sounds like you could benefit from a major tranquilizer. Just keep you from having the hallucinations.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. And also from having
Mary Kastner: The sleep problems because you would take this at night.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and it would, you know, help you
Mary Kastner: stay asleep. Have you ever tried anything like
Mary Kastner: Today,
Erika Sporleder: No, I think my, I think my second I just have to be on recipe for a little bit.
Mary Kastner: Had one one.
Erika Sporleder: Lorazepam. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's to add a band.
Erika Sporleder: Oh, yeah, yeah. That's, yeah.
Mary Kastner: That's a minor tranquilizer. I'm thinking
Mary Kastner: About more of a major one
Mary Kastner: And I'm wondering if you're not a little bipolar. Has anybody ever told you that
Erika Sporleder: I think it went to my reports from my psychiatrist is that there's a possibility. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, anybody in your family with psychiatric or better.
Erika Sporleder: Now, oh, my mom said the fan. I don't know my father's side of the family.
Erika Sporleder: I have no clue on my mom's family. No.
Mary Kastner: No. And how about brothers or sisters
Erika Sporleder: Parents
Mary Kastner: Oh, you're an only child.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. And your parents have any medical or psychiatric problems.
Erika Sporleder: My mom has cancer and she's diabetic. Okay.
Mary Kastner: What kind of cancer.
Leukemia
Boy.
Mary Kastner: But nobody has any substance abuse issues or
Erika Sporleder: I remember as a kid my mom used to use cocaine, but I don't think it was
Erika Sporleder: I wouldn't back that I didn't identify it. But now being an adult and having used it as I know now I look back I know that's where they will come out of the room sniffing and you know they locked me out. It makes sense. But I don't think it was a problem. So the last very long.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: He was a phase that she was going through. I don't know.
Mary Kastner: So she might have used cocaine, but
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, she was using cocaine with her best friend. Yeah, but she never had any treatment for
Erika Sporleder: This no not
Erika Sporleder: A problem.
Mary Kastner: Or any psychiatric problem.
Erika Sporleder: No, not at all. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And your dad.
Erika Sporleder: I don't. I've never met him.
Mary Kastner: I thought he came over and found you.
Erika Sporleder: Definitely. Well, he adopted me when I was a baby.
Erika Sporleder: When my parents when they got married.
Mary Kastner: I see. So you don't know about your biological
Erika Sporleder: Not I'm not a clue. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So as far as a my assessment thinking that you're most likely bipolar, you have
Mary Kastner: Some poly substance.
Mary Kastner: Use Disorder, which includes methamphetamine, and currently in remission.
Mary Kastner: And you're not using it.
Erika Sporleder: Correct. Right.
Mary Kastner: And suicide risk. I would say a
Mary Kastner: Moderate because you have had some thoughts but absolutely no plan.
Erika Sporleder: And, you know, no attempt. Now, you
Erika Sporleder: Have your thoughts are there with the wishing I wasn't year which would make
Erika Sporleder: It make everybody feel better if I wasn't here.
Mary Kastner: But you don't
Erika Sporleder: But I don't act on it. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And you, you have a reason to live for your son. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: So I'm past medical history, I'm happy had any head trauma.
Erika Sporleder: A few summers ago at other cool. Um, I was having a lot of dizzy spells and I got up laying out on the on the cement and I got up and I just fell right back down and I hit my head pretty hard.
Erika Sporleder: I had has ditches, like right here you go, like two inches right here was really deep, but that's like the only one I can think, oh,
Mary Kastner: Did you lose consciousness during that time.
Erika Sporleder: Very short very short very short period. My dad ended up carrying my condo and we never called the ambulance or anything. I went I went the next day to my general for this. No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Do you have headaches.
Erika Sporleder: I haven't had it for a while.
Mary Kastner: But you have a history of headaches.
Erika Sporleder: And just minor i've i've had migraines with maybe one or one a year.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and your vision. Okay. Looks like you're wearing glasses.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah yeah
Erika Sporleder: I'm nearsighted so that means I can't see far away, right.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, yeah, I can see far away with starting to give me a little worse, though, to where I can see like small words. I can't see very well. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how's your hearing.
Erika Sporleder: Hearing is great.
Mary Kastner: And he knows or sinus problems.
Erika Sporleder: Just, just a sinus infection once a year, or maybe once every two years.
Mary Kastner: And he throws her teeth problems.
Erika Sporleder: Knowledge. I have them. I still have a baby to is getting ready to fall out. Finally 47 almost
Erika Sporleder: I know. And actually, I went to the dentist and he looked at an X ray and she shouldn't show showed me if it's like it's not. There's no root at all. It's just, it's just like a really strong gums then because
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Erika Sporleder: It's really getting loose right now. So that's it. Other than that I had braces twice.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And getting back to your nose. Did you, how did you use the math. When you're using it.
Erika Sporleder: When I started it in the beginning, and then I started smoking it
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your nasal septum and anybody ever tell you
Mary Kastner: Know, or anything. Okay, no.
Mary Kastner: Um, how about your heart.
Erika Sporleder: They know your regular
Erika Sporleder: Directly
Mary Kastner: Was in blood pressure problems.
Erika Sporleder: Blood pressure rehab or I was using. And that's where they can play
Mary Kastner: But not now.
Mary Kastner: Know and respiratory any trouble with your breathing, other than when you're having panic.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. And so, you haven't been told you have emphysema.
Mary Kastner: Lung disease. Okay.
Mary Kastner: No trouble with your stomach, your gall bladder.
Mary Kastner: Liver
Erika Sporleder: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I've been told you have diabetes.
Erika Sporleder: No, no, I've never been told that
Mary Kastner: Okay, how about kidney function urinary problems.
Erika Sporleder: I've had, I've had a kidney infection, you know, UTI urinary tract infections, but they had not for a while.
Erika Sporleder: Like any infection. I had was, was nine months pregnant and that was 10 years ago so
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any STDs.
Erika Sporleder: No, okay, Max, you know, never
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your joints.
Erika Sporleder: Like my knees and said,
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Erika Sporleder: Well, my lazy. I can't straight, now. All the way they hear all the time. But that's because the the neurology problem.
Mary Kastner: And you're using a walker.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, I am. I candidates, though, is less than 1000 square feet. So I walk without it in the condo I want real funny looking, but I'm trying to gain the strength back, but I want to go outside. I use a walker. I'm afraid I'll fall
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any MS diagnosis.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Any trouble with your skin.
Erika Sporleder: I have eczema, but it hasn't cleared up in a long time.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Any ever have a seizure or a stroke. No. Okay. And you've been told that you have psychosis and
Mary Kastner: And you've had some, I would say passive suicidal ideation.
Erika Sporleder: I haven't had to before I got scars on my wrist. And I've tried tried OD on pills, but this was like over 10 years ago.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, to be over 20
Mary Kastner: History of suicide attempts over 10 years ago 10 to 20 years ago with the cutting your wrist and overdosing on pills.
Erika Sporleder: Hmm.
Mary Kastner: Any history of having a name Nia or thyroid problems.
Erika Sporleder: I mean, is the one with the blood
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Erika Sporleder: I think, I think that was it. I think I've tested to something in my book I was low or something like that. At one point, but it's never an issue.
Mary Kastner: Okay, HIV or tuberculosis.
Mary Kastner: Know any trouble paying attention. Having trouble in school with focus and concentration
No.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, I talked to you. So every time I talk way too fast. I think, I think my brains going
Erika Sporleder: You know what it is when it's I think it's might have been from when I
Erika Sporleder: Don't know.
Erika Sporleder: L or something by top really fast.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, your speeches, what we call pressured
Mary Kastner: And any trouble with any backer degenerative problems or
Erika Sporleder: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what are you doing for birth control right now.
Erika Sporleder: I'm nothing. I think, I think I'm done, I think I went through menopause.
Mary Kastner: And how many pregnancies. Have you had
Erika Sporleder: We have one child, and I've had, I think six abortions.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and your son is
Erika Sporleder: You'll be 10 in April. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: These were spontaneous or planned abortions.
Erika Sporleder: Well, they just were not they were unwanted pregnancies. I know that. Well, one of them wasn't kind of
Erika Sporleder: Baby was the right time. Okay, so then when I got married we planned on having a child so
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with ringing in your ears are your hands shaking now.
Erika Sporleder: I might notice a little bit of ringing in my ears not not real loud or anything, but just kind of like a little bit minor. It doesn't last very long.
Mary Kastner: In any tremor with your hands like if you put your hands straight out can
Erika Sporleder: Do you feel today.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, good.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you have had a history of panic attacks.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, they, they get real bad do
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had.
Mary Kastner: Any surgeries.
Erika Sporleder: Well, I had a C section and then like
Erika Sporleder: 25 years ago I got into a car accident and I had a compound fracture and that was they did surgery, my arm.
Erika Sporleder: I asked, but that was it.
Mary Kastner: Okay compound fracture which on
Erika Sporleder: My right arm.
Mary Kastner: Just giving you problem now.
Erika Sporleder: It's still bothers me is like, it's like real flabby right here, like an attorney's because they lost it popped out right here. Yeah, I was pretty it was gross, but, um, it's a 28 hold it hurts, you know, but
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: It's nothing doesn't keep me from doing the activities or anything.
Mary Kastner: And where were you born
Mary Kastner: San Francisco and raised were
Mary Kastner: Adopting and by your biological mother and then eventually a stepfather right who adopted you
Erika Sporleder: Know he definitely has a baby. So he he raised
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, by
Mary Kastner: Dr. Father.
Erika Sporleder: Hmm.
Mary Kastner: By your adoptive father and you're
Erika Sporleder: Always call him, Dad. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I know I'm
Mary Kastner: Are you eating healthfully
Erika Sporleder: Yes.
Mary Kastner: How many meals a day.
Erika Sporleder: I don't, I wouldn't say one one for sure. Dinner usually make, you know, but throughout the day like this morning. I had a mango and you know that will probably eat anything until probably one or two.
Erika Sporleder: Maybe a grilled cheese sandwich nothing big. And then dinner last night had made a pulled pork with coleslaw. So dinnertime. I tried to make you know the that's my meal meal of the day.
Erika Sporleder: And I had to do crackers and cheese or
Erika Sporleder: fruits and stuff. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Sounds good. And you're getting outside to try to get your strength back and
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, oh yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you have a smoke detector in your condo.
Mary Kastner: Yes, and any firearms in your home know when you're in a car do you wear seatbelts.
Mary Kastner: You say do. Okay. And are you having sex. Now in a relationship or not.
Erika Sporleder: Maybe once a week, once every two weeks.
Erika Sporleder: Max has been
Mary Kastner: And so you're not worried about pregnancy.
Mary Kastner: Know gone through. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Mary Kastner: Any baking or
Mary Kastner: How about caffeine intake.
Erika Sporleder: I might have every other day, I might have a cup of coffee, not. It's not every day but and I might have a Pepsi once every other day.
Erika Sporleder: Three to four times a week, a cup of coffee or yesterday, but that's it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no energy drinks.
Erika Sporleder: No, I usually just drink juices and water.
Mary Kastner: And how about marijuana
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Have you had any trauma.
Erika Sporleder: What would you mean by that.
Mary Kastner: Abuse in any way.
Erika Sporleder: Is like 20 years ago I was in a physical physically abusive relationship. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: And where you heard it that time.
Erika Sporleder: Mm hmm. You broke my nose. He would zip timing and beat my head.
Mary Kastner: Oh my goodness.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, it was bad.
Mary Kastner: So right now, are you having any trouble physically with the fever feeling under the
Mary Kastner: Weather. I know.
Mary Kastner: hold any vision, nose, throat neck.
Erika Sporleder: I my allergies are bothering me right now. The bad allergies and
Erika Sporleder: Every one of those is my son.
Mary Kastner: And what are you taking for that I have
Nothing.
Mary Kastner: You might want to try an anti histamines at bedtime. That might help you sleep.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, yeah.
Mary Kastner: I have to do that twice a year spring and fall
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You're gonna get right
Mary Kastner: Get one over the counter. It's called citrusy mean
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble right now with pain in your tummy aches me
Erika Sporleder: Constantly legs use
Erika Sporleder: Your card and say, I can't sit that long. And I can't stand that long. So it's like I'm trying to get back to work part time
Erika Sporleder: But it's, I had to find a place where I can get up and you know I can't, I can't sit for eight hours. I can't at all. They start cramping and then when I do stand up. I like fall
Erika Sporleder: So I have to find something that I can
Erika Sporleder: Stretch and walk to the copy machine or something, you know, so
Erika Sporleder: Well, I haven't looked into yours because I was at home mom.
Erika Sporleder: Okay. Prior to that, I was a bookkeeper
Mary Kastner: Okay, well how much education do you have
Erika Sporleder: I have two A's one in accounting and business management and the other one in early childhood education.
Mary Kastner: You should be able to get work. But you say,
Erika Sporleder: You know, I've been out of work for 10 years it's very hard for people
Erika Sporleder: To look past that they're like, why haven't you, I did work as a mom, you know, awesome stuff.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Keep trying.
Erika Sporleder: No, I am actually before I was contacted you I was doing cover letters. So I have been
K
Mary Kastner: Any legal issues.
Erika Sporleder: I got a DUI few years ago, and I never went to the school and I right. I don't even know what I did. I don't have a license. I still drive. I should
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So you don't have a license.
Mary Kastner: And how about any military service.
Erika Sporleder: No.
Mary Kastner: Are you religious at all.
No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so I'm going to prescribe some medication for you to see if we can get you to sleep better
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what pharmacy. Do you go to
Erika Sporleder: To the CVS in Stockton on West marks lane.
Mary Kastner: What
Mary Kastner: I'm getting to know that.
Erika Sporleder: Pharmacy pretty. Yeah, I've been going there forever. It seems like okay
Erika Sporleder: They know we are they all know me in there.
Mary Kastner: And you've never taken a look
Erika Sporleder: And not, no. Not that I'm aware of. I have a whole thing of all the descriptions that I took for my psychiatrists and spouses everywhere lithium and it's crazy. I was taking like five to six pills that night for a while.
Mary Kastner: Oh really,
Mary Kastner: So you have any history of taking lithium.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, it didn't. Yeah, that was the. That was the most recent one that he that he put me on because of the hallucinations.
And
Mary Kastner: You said you have some left
Erika Sporleder: I do but i but i but I'm not doing it because I don't have insurance anymore. So I wouldn't be able to refill them so I can get my body back on him and then not have
Erika Sporleder: To get out in the first place because I was really scared to get all the psychiatric pills, but I didn't go to the hospital. They took me I couldn't take him anyway they gave me some there. I don't know.
Mary Kastner: How much lithium. Were you on
Erika Sporleder: Hold on one second. Oh.
Erika Sporleder: Oh, it's right here I'm
Erika Sporleder: Not it's crazy. I was taking
Erika Sporleder: 300 milligrams 300 milligram tablets, one, one.
Erika Sporleder: Every day and bit time
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what other pills are you taking
Um,
Erika Sporleder: You skipped her gosh
Erika Sporleder: It a L. O. P. REM
Erika Sporleder: Uh huh 10 milligrams take three a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: She has a down
Erika Sporleder: 30 milligram tablet.
Erika Sporleder: I can't read where
Erika Sporleder: We're whisper drum. We don't
Erika Sporleder: Yes, that line.
Mary Kastner: What's the dose on that.
Erika Sporleder: That one is
Erika Sporleder: One two milligram
Erika Sporleder: Take one but time
Erika Sporleder: Then they're lorazepam
Erika Sporleder: The point five milligram tablet.
Erika Sporleder: And I think this one Superman. I think I just told you that one today.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, yeah. Where do you have these medications helpful.
Erika Sporleder: I don't even know what number four.
Erika Sporleder: I know that the them was for the lusa nations. I don't know which ones are for a panic attacks anxiety.
Erika Sporleder: And I don't know which one was for the depression, I don't know, but they balanced out though, when I was taking them. I was taking him at the times in the proper you know every day and at the same time.
Erika Sporleder: So I did notice a difference. Yes, that's afraid to get on room.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. You did notice a difference on what
Erika Sporleder: Just my
Erika Sporleder: Ability of my mood was was better. You know, there was no it wasn't that wasn't downs were kind of there, but not as
Erika Sporleder: Extreme as war and the panic attacks and stopped altogether.
Mary Kastner: Anxiety, not as extreme and no panic.
Erika Sporleder: Was
Erika Sporleder: Every day. What's the difference between the anxiety and panic. I mean, I thought, they're both the same.
Mary Kastner: Panic is when you really are having that shaking and that
Erika Sporleder: Is it
Erika Sporleder: kicks in, in the panic and was after that.
Mary Kastner: Was your sleep better on these medications.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah yeah was like, yeah, that's it. I just think there's more. But that's all I have right here.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so the reason why I chose the truth is that you're having more depression right now then anxiety.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: And I want to see if I can get you to sleep. Okay, yeah, I'm
Erika Sporleder: Very helpful because the yeah i want i want a good night's sleep every night.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So I called in the two to are you allergic to anything.
Erika Sporleder: In stone and coding
Erika Sporleder: So,
Mary Kastner: mental status exam, you're on time, good eye contact speeches pressure. Do you know today's date.
Erika Sporleder: See is is the 10th.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Granted,
Mary Kastner: Are you able to get into the shower and take care of yourself.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, I have a little bit independently.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, you can be able to clean and vacuum and do dishes and cook and
Mary Kastner: Okay, great. So functional independence.
Erika Sporleder: Or hey I mean someone to the point where my legs are hurting. I have to sit down.
Erika Sporleder: You know what I mean. Yeah. Or you bring I have a walker that the chair on it. I'll just kind of sit around the kitchen like that way.
Mary Kastner: That's a good idea.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, yeah, it worked out pretty good.
Mary Kastner: And are you having any hallucinations. Now, or or seeing or hearing things
Erika Sporleder: No, I haven't. No, I haven't. Okay. Not that I recall recently. No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, otherwise mental status exam is is not the normal mood right now is depressed aspect is, I would say a bit restricted.
Mary Kastner: Speech rate and volume.
Erika Sporleder: Is pressure
Mary Kastner: What coherent I appear a little older than your state of age, but
Erika Sporleder: Oh, that sounds really matter a lot.
Mary Kastner: You've been through last night.
Mary Kastner: Oh, maybe in your 50s.
Mary Kastner: I know we had to get you healthy again.
Erika Sporleder: Yeah, that's, that's true.
Mary Kastner: And thought process appropriate for agent developed normal content insight and self reflection. Today's issues are normal. Okay so suicide risk assessment. Again, I'm said I put you at moderate. Do you have the suicide crisis hotline number
Erika Sporleder: Yeah we I do. Yes, I know my heart. Yeah, I have it.
Mary Kastner: Have it in your in your phone cation, you
Mary Kastner: Did. Okay. So we're going to start on the two to 20 milligrams into your in you take it at that time. I want to see you on Monday.
Okay.
Erika Sporleder: Or even embedded into the the depression and anxiety to
Mary Kastner: Yeah, the tutor takes care of all that it's a major tranquilizer.
Erika Sporleder: Oh, okay. But now, okay good at night isn't gonna work throughout the day.
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Erika Sporleder: The next. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I serve you.
Erika Sporleder: The one go. When I never saw that all
Mary Kastner: Right, till Monday. We're going to determine if we need to change it.
Mary Kastner: Or add something to it.
And
Mary Kastner: Then I'm going to ask them to send me your records and the interest. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Okay, my dear, so
Erika Sporleder: On Monday.
Mary Kastner: With them on Monday call back in and they will give you an appointment until you that time and you tell them when you're available.
Erika Sporleder: To just call them whenever I get up or whatever and set an appointment. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: We're now today. You can set up an appointment for next Monday.
Erika Sporleder: Okay. And is that the number
Erika Sporleder: Two number 393 or the one before that the 408
Mary Kastner: Um, I don't know.
Erika Sporleder: I think it's the 408
Mary Kastner: It's the front desk. You want to call to make the appointment.
Erika Sporleder: The one that I called them before I got you.
Mary Kastner: I think so.
Erika Sporleder: I mean, make sure how old it is it. Oh, the right here really right here.
Erika Sporleder: Yes, for. Okay, I'll do that one for a
Erika Sporleder: Reading done for it.
Mary Kastner: And then I'm giving you a diagnosis of bipolar disorder current episode manic with psychotic features.
Erika Sporleder: Or a six.
Erika Sporleder: Oh, he's adding call this number and then
Erika Sporleder: And then scheduled appointment for Monday.
Erika Sporleder: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'll do that. I'll see you Monday.
Mary Kastner: In the meantime, okay. Take care of
Erika Sporleder: What are you going to prescribe it today, so I could pick it up tomorrow.
Mary Kastner: It's already in
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Erika Sporleder: Okay, thank you so much.
Mary Kastner: You're welcome. Nice to meet you.
Erika Sporleder: Okay. Have a good day.
Erika Sporleder: Bye Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Hi.
Mary Kastner: Hello. Can you hear me.
ethant: Hi. This is Ethan. Can you hear me.
Mary Kastner: Yes, I can hear you. Great. I'm Mary Kastner. This is Ethan total immersion 3335 yeah you're calling from San Francisco.
Mary Kastner: That's correct. Okay. I'm a psychiatric nurse practitioner.
Mary Kastner: Cool. What can I do for you today.
ethant: Well, um,
ethant: So, last night I
ethant: I went to use love I have one medical as my primary care.
ethant: Doctor
ethant: And I called them because I was over the weekend I was trying to detox myself like completely or as much as possible from
ethant: Multiple
ethant: Substances that I've been using
ethant: And I it as the days went by my symptoms got worse and worse.
ethant: To the point where I was really kind of scared for my life.
ethant: I couldn't like I didn't have any appetite. I couldn't eat or use, use the restroom. When I did use the restroom. It was like bright yellow, yellow
ethant: So the
ethant: One medical WAS CONCERNED. CONCERNED enough that even though they could see me at one of their offices, they told me to go to the ER at at UCSF.
ethant: Which I'm glad I did. They were really
ethant: It took a little while to get in but they were really excellent.
ethant: Like that. The doctors and nurses, they were really excellent.
ethant: So they referred, they
ethant: Listened to my story which I can tell you about my more about my backstory.
ethant: Of it actually been
ethant: Sober for more than 10 years of my of my life.
ethant: And then last year I had a surgery and and kind of went down a slippery slope. After the surgery and I've been struggling ever since.
Mary Kastner: Oh, kind of surgery.
ethant: So it was a brain surgery.
ethant: I have a
ethant: Thing is called Chiari Malformation
Mary Kastner: Yes.
ethant: Yeah, so they went in the back of my the back of my spine and forget all the terms, but they they got the fluid flowing correctly, like all around my brain. Yeah, so, um, one thing that contributed contributes to all of this is, I have really serious migraine.
ethant: Headaches
ethant: At the worst. They used to come, like, you know, it was like
ethant: Seven plus seven to 10 days a month.
ethant: I was missing. Missing so much work in
ethant: The best. There are two medicines that we found that helped with that one medical one was sumatriptan
ethant: And the other miracle drug was Klonopin if I was on like a very low dose of Kalani open
ethant: And not taking it every day that taking like skipping. Skipping days.
ethant: And that somehow the variation of it. I'm
ethant: Like I would go months and months and months and not having a single migraine day
ethant: So, um,
ethant: I started the, the use of these, all these subs and the other substances. I'm a little worried I'm concerned about privacy because the walls are paper thin I'm
Mary Kastner: Calling from
ethant: I'm in my apartment. My wife is in the other room. And that's no problem. But there are other other units where you can. I don't know how well they can hear me, but I can certainly hear, hear them pretty well.
ethant: Um, I don't know if I can type certain things or
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you could type it in. I think there's a chat. You can use at the bottom. Yeah, I'm
Mary Kastner: Trying to find it here, chat. It's got a little bubble
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I see it. Okay.
ethant: So let's see, like,
ethant: My surgery was last year in
ethant: April.
ethant: So it's been almost a year so
ethant: I'll say like
ethant: Can you read those messages.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm gonna get back up here. I was just checking your California
Mary Kastner: Registry report for controlled substances. Oh, okay.
Mary Kastner: While you were doing that.
Mary Kastner: So what I would need from you is what substances, you have taken
Mary Kastner: When's the last time you took over.
Mary Kastner: And how much
ethant: To be very specific on
ethant: The very last was a
ethant: This that came from.
ethant: The, the UCSF last night.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
ethant: Which is live liberty.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you using are you using alcohol.
ethant: No, I haven't used alcohol, um,
ethant: I can't remember.
ethant: Yeah for four to six months.
Mary Kastner: You should give me a drink alcohol.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: It's interesting. I'm like, completely uninterested in alcohol.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to read your thing here. Soon as I get this uploaded. But what I'm finding is a lot of Klonopin, which is what you're telling me that they were treating you
ethant: Well, so the. I'm not sure what you're looking at. But what you
ethant: Want one thing is that, so one medical prescribes me 10 milligrams a month, of course.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Okay.
ethant: Is that kind of
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's about what I'm getting here. Yeah, I'll just get this into your record that I found
Mary Kastner: The live stream is too young to put in there. And then you say last night.
ethant: It was a one time thing.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and that is at 25 milligrams
ethant: So it was four capsules and each one was 25
Mary Kastner: Okay. And have you taken any
ethant: Yeah, I took it as directed. It said to take to last night into this morning. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So right now, you're feeling kind of chill.
ethant: Actually, no. I'm feeling extremely anxious
Mary Kastner: Oh really,
Mary Kastner: So the anxiety, the worst anxiety, you've ever had.
ethant: I would say
ethant: Eight, you know, eight to nine scale, the worst I've ever had. You talking about right this very minute
ethant: Yeah i mean it's it's high
ethant: Okay, I would the whole process of connecting with your guys system. I was like terrified that something wasn't going to work or it wasn't doing something correctly.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. And how about depression, where do you put your depression.
ethant: It's funny, it's hard for me to to separate the two. Sometimes, but I don't actually don't feel particularly depress actually feel like I have a fairly positive, you know, positive outlook on on life. And I love my family and have good relationships.
Stuff like that.
ethant: So, um, if, if that to me if they're if you look at them as separate things like that that anxiety is a huge problem in the Depression is, you know,
Mary Kastner: Pretty low but
ethant: I one medical also prescribes me
ethant: 20 low dose 25 milligrams of
ethant: Prozac.
I think
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I think it. I think it's 20. So you've been taking that pretty routinely. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: And you think it's helping you.
ethant: But yeah, that helps. Um, that that's always helped my depression. I've taken that for for a long time. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what I have on this report is like you said, it's
Mary Kastner: Klonopin and this is secures report.
ethant: So,
Mary Kastner: Is one milligram they giving you 10 point 10 for 10 days.
ethant: Yeah, and that's
Mary Kastner: One nine he bought every month, you're not using it very often.
ethant: Yeah, and that's fine. I'm actually I have no problem with that. I'm medication medication. The way you described it.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
ethant: The problem is the stuff that I get myself.
Mary Kastner: Okay, now I'm gonna look at what you just put me gave me here in the chat room. Yep, your audit. I'm talking to myself because I'm talking to the person doing the transcribing so you can correct me if I'm wrong. I have you on forgot it. See score was zero, meaning you're not using alcohol.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: Das 10 is eight. And what would you mentioned in your intake on that is opiate Suboxone
Mary Kastner: And Xanax
Mary Kastner: tranquilizers cocaine methamphetamine and tobacco.
Mary Kastner: And so what I have here on your chat is that you had Xanax abuse and you were getting 10 months of oxy abuse. Yeah, okay. So when's the last time you used any oxy code on
ethant: So that would be
ethant: Wednesday last week, and it
Mary Kastner: Has made us. What's the most in a day.
ethant: A typical day would be
ethant: Like 60 milligrams, um, the day that I went to the ER was like 120 milligrams
Mary Kastner: Okay so 60 to 120 milligrams a day. Good last use us Wednesday.
Mary Kastner: Any other opiates besides oxycodone
ethant: Yes.
ethant: I'm trying to be
ethant: Thorough but
Mary Kastner: Heroin heroin.
ethant: I have but much less frequently. Maybe, like, you know, five times in the last year.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how did you use it. No.
ethant: That was was powder.
Mary Kastner: snorted. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then Xanax, where were you, heavy staying with the opiates to do by Suboxone someplace.
ethant: I did at one time. I'm by get it myself. I'm on the street.
Mary Kastner: Okay. How long ago was that
ethant: The use of different things was kind of intermixed so it looks a little hard to remember. But I would say
ethant: Three months ago. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then do you buy the Xanax on the street. Yes. Okay. And when's the last time you use that
ethant: So that I've been using very regularly throughout this weekend.
ethant: Up until so the last
ethant: Time was the morning of
ethant: The ninth yesterday.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how much what's the dosage.
ethant: So that was two milligrams in the morning in two milligrams in at night. Okay, so forth, four milligrams a day. Okay.
Mary Kastner: anything besides the room that you were given and the quantity for your migraine and the Xanax that you buy
ethant: Um, I haven't been taking in terms of the last 24 to 48 hours. I haven't been taken Klonopin for my migraine.
ethant: Actually having I could get her go. Go refill, but I haven't refilled it
ethant: But, um, so the only thing is this
ethant: From
Mary Kastner: Liberty me yeah yeah and and
ethant: You know what, when I arrived at
ethant: The er er. So there's kind of two ER visits, there is the time that I
ethant: I was gurgling almost dead. That was last Wednesday, the fifth
ethant: And then the the separate separate ER visit last night, which was
ethant: Denied or sort of yesterday afternoon. On and on that visit, they listen after taking this whole story that they gave me
ethant: A invent for more milligrams of Suboxone and it was really surprising to me what a
ethant: What dramatic difference that made
ethant: And they said that, um, that you could that I could talk to
ethant: You guys about
ethant: Get like maybe getting on some dose of that and then getting yeah
Mary Kastner: Yeah, no problem. Yeah. So last night, they gave you Suboxone yes okay four milligrams
ethant: A total of 12
Mary Kastner: Total of 12
Mary Kastner: And have you taken all that
ethant: They administered at while I was there. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you think you were in withdraw.
ethant: Absolutely, yeah, that's that was where all those symptoms were coming from. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, can you take your pulse for me right now you know how to do that.
Absolutely.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so yeah you got your arm out, so that's a good place to start. So us go down from your, your thumb side and feel with your two fingers until you feel your pulse and then you tell me when you get it and I'll time it for you.
Mary Kastner: Are you feeling it.
Mary Kastner: But it's
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
ethant: It's not really clear.
Mary Kastner: Okay, tell me when you feel like it's clear and then I'll time it for you.
ethant: How am I supposed to indicate it to
Mary Kastner: Don't push too hard. Just lightly touch it. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You got it.
Mary Kastner: And I'll tell you when to start counting
ethant: Sorry.
Mary Kastner: Just very lightly.
ethant: I think, I think I got it. Okay.
Start
ethant: I'm sorry, I don't. It's unclear when my heart beats. It's not like
Mary Kastner: It's not regular
ethant: It's not regular yeah
ethant: Try that I can interpret
Mary Kastner: Try coming down from your ear and try, seeing if you could feel pulse here.
Mary Kastner: Coming down forward from your ear.
ethant: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Sleeping find a pulse in
ethant: My neck.
Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: You feeling anything
ethant: 12345. Exactly, yep.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm going to tell you when to start
Mary Kastner: Start
Mary Kastner: Stop.
ethant: I think I've counted 19
Mary Kastner: Okay. And can you get real close to pulses 40 can you get real close to the screen so I can see your pupils.
Mary Kastner: Okay, thank you. pupils are mildly dilated, do you have any tremor. If you put your hands out or your hands shaking at all. Yeah, I would say. Modern Drummer. Yeah. Yeah. Have you had any nausea and vomiting.
ethant: Not well I don't have any appetite that I haven't, I haven't had any nausea, vomiting,
Mary Kastner: Okay. And are you having any diary or stomach cramping.
ethant: No.
ethant: Not really noticeable.
Mary Kastner: feeling restless at all.
ethant: I didn't sleep at all last night like not one second.
ethant: So I just rolled over turn and tossing turning Dawson Dawson turn and like trying to find things to
ethant: watch on TV to to distract my mind and
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: Wrestling as if that's my understanding of rest of the same way.
Mary Kastner: You would just tossing and turning,
ethant: Well, I come, come, completely uncomfortable, you know, and any any position or situation and, you know, constantly like fidgeting.
Mary Kastner: And she knows running at all.
ethant: No, it was yesterday, very heavily. But then after my visit to UCSF and the Suboxone I'm
ethant: In the library and and I haven't noticed it as much. Okay.
Mary Kastner: You feeling, are you sweating or having chills.
ethant: No, I think I feel kind of
ethant: Normal temperature
ethant: Okay, I felt before. Before UCSF, I felt like I was freezing to death.
ethant: Okay. Um, and then after UCSF, I felt
Mary Kastner: Are you having any pain right now.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay, so this is the withdraw scale score, which is the seat.
Mary Kastner: Cow score.
Mary Kastner: I would put you at a
ethant: Where can we be very clear.
ethant: Are we talking about
ethant: Me know yesterday to work my worst before my UCL
Mary Kastner: Right now.
ethant: Oh right now after my UCSF visit with
Mary Kastner: My current treatment.
ethant: Okay, just to be clear what what you're describing
Mary Kastner: So you would you say about pain.
ethant: Oh, I didn't say anything about
Mary Kastner: It. Are you having any pain.
ethant: No anything
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to put your cow score it for so you're not in withdraw. When's the last time you had any
Mary Kastner: Any opiates.
ethant: That was it. I'm
ethant: Good. So yesterday at like 8pm
ethant: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So like, and what was that you had
ethant: So that was the 12 milligrams of Suboxone
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um, so I'm going to give you some Suboxone we're going to keep talking here. Until my next patient comes in and she's supposed to be here at 11. So what I would like for you to do is to join our group tonight at four o'clock this afternoon.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, we have a film that we use and what pharmacy. Do you go to
ethant: I go to Walgreens.
ethant: At
ethant: Market Street in San Francisco.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, um,
Mary Kastner: This is a four milligram. And I want to see how you're feeling this evening when you check in for group this later this afternoon and try not to take any when when you get it. I want you to take one and tell me when you check in tonight. What time that was that you took it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then I want to see you next Monday. So call back in for an appointment with me and Monday. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I want you to
Mary Kastner: Take one twice a day.
ethant: Why don't we describe what it was.
Mary Kastner: Suboxone film.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so when I see you next Monday. If you could please give me a bit of a diary of the time you took each film and what your symptoms were at the time.
Sure.
ethant: Okay, so I'm gonna go to Walgreens at 2145 market. I'm gonna call a group at four o'clock this afternoon.
ethant: I mean,
ethant: How do I learn about my prescription at Walgreens like
Mary Kastner: I don't know, do they, do they, do they typically
Mary Kastner: Let you know
ethant: Sometimes I get a notification that I have a prescription right ready, but it's not like 100%
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: You can call them, I guess, and find out. I said, check in a group, this afternoon about quarter to four. Yeah, and
ethant: Then
Mary Kastner: Make an appointment with me call back into the in the office here. The what they call the virtual clinic and make an appointment for me, Nick for next Monday.
ethant: Okay.
Mary Kastner: We're gonna finish our intake.
Mary Kastner: And I'm putting this in right now.
ethant: Great. So are we going to do any treatment in terms of the
ethant: The Xanax, that's the one that I'm particularly concerned about
Mary Kastner: Yeah, how often are you taking that now.
ethant: So that was 44 milligrams a day two in the morning and at night.
ethant: That's been for months, you know, I don't know, six, eight months that I've been taking not
Mary Kastner: Gonna have to when you on that. Just so you know it is a typical street drug. It is an anti anxiety medication oftentimes abused, because it um
Mary Kastner: It is is quick acting and then it's quick quickly gone. So then you need more and more and more. I'm the only deaths that we've had with Suboxone known deaths are those that are using it in conjunction with a Xanax type medication or pens or die as a p
ethant: O. C.
Mary Kastner: We don't typically like people on Suboxone on a benzodiazepine
Mary Kastner: I see. However,
Mary Kastner: We can just cold turkey, you
Mary Kastner: Right and the libertarian they gave you is gonna last a while.
Mary Kastner: It may be last three days, very, very long acting. Okay, so I would not take any
Mary Kastner: Other benzodiazepine
Mary Kastner: Okay, unless you absolutely felt the need. I'm going to give you Klonopin it's a much longer acting. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And when they feel to Klonopin for your headache. I can't remember. Was it a one milligram
Mary Kastner: It wasn't that wasn't one milligram. No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm just going to say PRN not daily as you need it. So,
ethant: I won't take it at all today, unless I unless I have it like crying.
ethant: Right.
Mary Kastner: Unless she started having withdrawal from the, from the bends on but I doubt it with Libya. Yeah.
ethant: Okay, understand
Mary Kastner: And it's a much longer acting so it's not going to be used like Xanax at all.
ethant: Right, right.
Mary Kastner: So I'll give you 10 of those
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then we will continue our intake next week. Okay.
ethant: group to group this after that four o'clock this afternoon and then continue in take Nick next Monday. What's your sorry, what's your name again.
Mary Kastner: Mary casner
ethant: Mary Kastner
Mary Kastner: Andy, are you, you're not having pain now so I guess a little bit what I'm concerned about is your use that the surgery. So you said sort of went downhill after the surgery.
Yeah.
ethant: Oh yeah, well it was be because I was prescribed a medication for the serious pain that I had at that time.
ethant: Related to the surgery.
Mary Kastner: Oh, I see. Okay, that makes sense. But you're not having pain now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I put in the Klonopin for the same
Mary Kastner: Pharmacy.
Mary Kastner: Okay, great. And I'll see in group this afternoon. Are you having any thoughts that you want to hurt yourself or anybody else. Nope, okay.
Mary Kastner: Put you have you ever made an attempt to hurt yourself.
Mary Kastner: Low suicide risk.
Mary Kastner: And you're on time for your appointment well groomed good eye contact, very cooperative
Mary Kastner: Mood is anxious highly anxious
Mary Kastner: Able to dress yourself independently shower, all that good stuff.
ethant: Yeah.
ethant: After the
Mary Kastner: Diagnosis is opioid use disorder. If you ever done an IV.
Mary Kastner: Injected opioids. Nope, okay. Moderate and benzodiazepine dependence with the
Mary Kastner: Withdraw also moderate okay um, Ethan, thanks for checking in and I'll see this afternoon about four o'clock and
Mary Kastner: Great.
ethant: Okay, very much. Mary
Mary Kastner: Take care. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, next we have is Deborah.
Mary Kastner: Trust pressler I'm Deborah.
Mary Kastner: Hi.
Mary Kastner: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah, I think.
Deborah Preslar: We're okay. I did. I didn't have it on audio.
Mary Kastner: OK.
Mary Kastner: I can hear you. Nice and loud now.
Deborah Preslar: Okay, hang on just a moment. I gotta get my dog out of here and start barking.
Deborah Preslar: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You know why you're doing then I'm gonna run to the bathroom but I'm coming back. Okay.
All right.
Deborah Preslar: Oh god.
Condition.
Deborah Preslar: Good.
Mary Kastner: HELLO, DEBORAH
Mary Kastner: This is Deborah pressler Mr n 2850
Mary Kastner: Deborah.
Deborah Preslar: But, Debbie.
Deborah Preslar: Debbie, Debbie. You're going to be
Mary Kastner: Okay, sorry. I took so long.
Deborah Preslar: Okay, I understand.
Mary Kastner: So my name is Mary Kastner I'm a nurse practitioner in psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: And this is Deborah presser Mr in 285 volt calling from Crescent City.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: What can we do for you today.
Deborah Preslar: I'm Dr. Pearson in his associate
Deborah Preslar: prescribed for me right heart to get us to Boston for my chronic pain.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Where's your pain.
Deborah Preslar: I have fibromyalgia and plus have spinal stenosis and I have a need that needs surgery I have pain over
Mary Kastner: Okay, what's 10 being the worst pain you've ever had. Where's your pain today.
Deborah Preslar: It's low is low. Today it's mostly in my knee. It's about a four and my knee five
Mary Kastner: Okay, four to five at attend today. How's your mood.
Deborah Preslar: Pretty good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, are you depressed at all.
Deborah Preslar: Well, because I can't do anything. I get depressed. Yeah.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah. Makes me makes me angry depressed because I
Deborah Preslar: Tried to get up do things I'm hurt so bad can now I tried. I know not supposed to but I tried somebody Suboxone. And the first time I tried it. I got sick. The second time I used it, it got rid of all my pain.
Deborah Preslar: And I
Deborah Preslar: Only use the little tiny P tiny
Mary Kastner: Okay. Have you used anything else for pain. Besides,
Mary Kastner: The Suboxone
Deborah Preslar: And how long time because every once in a while I go to the hospital and get injections or I got a few local from somebody, but they don't do anything for me anymore. I don't I don't take a handful of them and say, oh, they don't work. I take one, is it doesn't cut it. I don't take any more.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you've tried Norco at the hospital.
Deborah Preslar: Well, not just the hospital they had me on a prescription for it for a long time. Okay. I had a script.
Mary Kastner: Okay. How long do you think it's been
Deborah Preslar: Three years.
Deborah Preslar: At least three years. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And do you know the dosage.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah, it was pins is a tense three to five. Um, I was getting uglier 120 a month.
Deborah Preslar: And I wasn't taking them all. I mean, I didn't take them all the time. I prefer to take as needed for pain they were trying to kill me and you to take a flavor for hours.
Deborah Preslar: waiting here for hours. I didn't feel very good. I was sick and a not so good so I quit taking the pills.
Deborah Preslar: Because I'm not being sick all the time and I was stayed out with rather month when I went back to get to see the doctor because I want to know, how come I was so sick. She did a touchscreen on the show that I didn't have anything in my system. So she took me off of them.
Mary Kastner: I see.
Deborah Preslar: Ya accuse me of selling my pills. Oh, Jesus. I know you have any valid proof of anything, but I just did. I wasn't
Deborah Preslar: And I thought that they had to file a police report if they assumed or they they accuse somebody of something that but um she hadn't and I had just been in there for a top screen and she said that there was no there's no more going my system.
Deborah Preslar: And I told her, a liar. I called her liar, and he tried to find a new doctor
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Okay. So what I have here is you have a beaut trans prescription that you've got 620 19
Deborah Preslar: I didn't take it.
Deborah Preslar: I didn't take care today after I got it. I took I put the patch on it made me feel I was judging for as I used to use math. It made me feel like I was chosen for Miss I didn't like it at all.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it made you feel what
Deborah Preslar: Like I was judging like I needed a ticket or something so used to use mass, long time ago.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Deborah Preslar: You know, it made me feel like you need to go out and buy a bag. So I called the doctor's office and he just stopped using it immediately.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Deborah Preslar: Can I haven't had Kristen, I still have the same prescription, it's up in the closet. I just didn't know what to do with it. I think I've trained the sheriff's office or something.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah, I didn't
Mary Kastner: Take it to city hall. They usually have a
Mary Kastner: Place that you can drop old prescriptions.
Deborah Preslar: We don't have that you have to go through the sheriff's department. I think
Deborah Preslar: We don't have a
Deborah Preslar: Thing for
Mary Kastner: Yeah, probably be a wise idea. Are you on other medications.
Deborah Preslar: Yes, I am. I take Lyrica look
Deborah Preslar: That's both from like bipolar.
Deborah Preslar: Gabba pins are Neurontin that's also for the bipolar and the fibromyalgia, I take promethazine for vomiting and I take
Deborah Preslar: Hang on a second. I can't remember.
Deborah Preslar: Well, flexible, I don't know what the clinical name is for it but structural FL eight x RI L now is for the spasms and stuff. And again, like Caesars and stuff. And, um, let's see, I'm missing one applause All for my stomach acid reflux.
Deborah Preslar: And that's it.
Mary Kastner: Well you know them are pretty quick. Thank you.
Deborah Preslar: Know I'm pretty good. Well, I know I'm pretty good you to get them all.
Mary Kastner: I got him. Ah, thank you.
Deborah Preslar: Well, I'm used to taking on this, you know, it's not like a, you know, if I forgot one. I don't think I did. I got to flex throw the gavel Penton the promethazine or Finnegan, or whatever you call it on the tuna and the Lyrica
Deborah Preslar: And let's see, I think I got them all. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do I think you did too. So do you know the dosages of these medications.
Deborah Preslar: On the Lyrica are listening to the first I take to close my mouth a day but he said if I have a bad day, or the bipolar formula. I'm allowed to at night to also the Lyrica
Mary Kastner: What's on the pill of the two
Deborah Preslar: How many
Mary Kastner: 20 i thought okay
Deborah Preslar: And on the lyric
Mm hmm.
Deborah Preslar: Um, one tablet.
Deborah Preslar: That's just need to from nausea.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm hmm.
Deborah Preslar: It's a 25 milligram
Deborah Preslar: Okay, and the Lyrica is
Deborah Preslar: Take one capsule twice by now. He also said I could do that, the same as the the 75 milligrams
Deborah Preslar: Okay, the gavel kitten is 300 milligram. I've been on it for three years and his take as needed. I think it says take two capsules. By now, three times a day. But he also told me to. If I need another couple one I know how to take this stuff. I'm very careful with it.
Deborah Preslar: If I feel like I need a couple more, whatever that scared. I'm allowed to take it.
Mary Kastner: Do you think you're you are taking it three times a day to three times a day. Now, though.
Deborah Preslar: Well as a normal rule. I would say yes, but here lately is reduced it down because it makes me sleepy. When I take it, I kind of cut that down to one every 334 hours.
Deborah Preslar: Okay, and helping it. I don't know. I do find it. I wake up some traction and will not take it. Did I take my medicine because my head's going 150 miles an hour. So I'll take together Fitna of the night, more than you in the daytime.
Mary Kastner: Yeah I would do that too. Yeah. Okay. And then you said you had a history of a method diction.
Deborah Preslar: Not a hit. Right. I really wouldn't call it history. I used it for a while but I quit. A long time ago.
Mary Kastner: When did you quit.
Deborah Preslar: 10 years ago. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any alcohol.
Deborah Preslar: 9595
Mary Kastner: Okay, did you have a problem with either one of these
Deborah Preslar: I had a problem with. Well, I never caused me any problems on my job or anything like that but I drink for several years, but um I drink because of the pain. I didn't know that I had fibromyalgia, it's time. And I was praying for the pain.
Deborah Preslar: And I'm
Deborah Preslar: Sitting with somebody I know your heart. Rest in peace. I'm told me that math could take away the fibromyalgia pain.
Deborah Preslar: So I tried it was right. But the only problem was
Deborah Preslar: When, when I come down the pins twice, so I wasn't really accomplishing anything. No.
Mary Kastner: No, you want. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then I see you're smoking, how much you smoke.
Deborah Preslar: Well, more than I usually do you smoke a pack a day but I'm still talking to him today. I don't know what's going on.
Mary Kastner: OK, and then are you
Mary Kastner: Able to get into the shower, the tub and bathe yourself.
Deborah Preslar: Well, I have, I take that because I'm afraid our training is slipping. My dad leg.
Deborah Preslar: I can. It's hard for me to get back out, but it I live with my at your mother. So we have
Deborah Preslar: Handles and stuff to getting out of the time. So I use those um
Mary Kastner: How often are you bathing.
Deborah Preslar: I'm trying to do at least three times a week.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And are you able to dress yourself and
Deborah Preslar: Some most it's that
Deborah Preslar: Kind of these are hard interviews, because my schedule changes one day to the next.
Deborah Preslar: A lot of pain.
Deborah Preslar: I stay in bed, or I call somebody I know who has a Norco and brings to me and I take it, select get out of bed and get dressed and function.
Deborah Preslar: What I call normal which isn't normal to somebody else. I don't do anything because my knee hurts so bad, even on the Norco. That's why I say I don't really miss an ortho because it really doesn't do that much for me. I mean, you're getting going. That's as far as it'll go you know
Mary Kastner: You have to do the
Deborah Preslar: Work, probably the every day but
Deborah Preslar: I've changed my way ways I've been drinking more water and kicking more vitamins i'm i'm doing different things and I'm also thinking reflection more at night guarantee a good night's sleep. So, but also, I might add, I was taking the north coast as often as
Deborah Preslar: One A Day for like five or 10 days in a row, because I was having a bad time. But I totally get ago I tried Suboxone. It was a friend of mines. I tried a little tiny piece. It made me sick.
Deborah Preslar: I felt the pain is way but a couple of days later I got my nerve up again and finished it was only that little piece just little tiny piece like that wasn't full strip or anything. And it took away all my pain and that was two days ago and I still don't have any pain.
Deborah Preslar: Except for my knee.
Deborah Preslar: My knee hurts me 24 seven but it hasn't since I took tests that last little strip of Boston that was yesterday.
Mary Kastner: And you know what the milligram was on that Suboxone
Deborah Preslar: No. Hang on a second. I might
Deborah Preslar: Throw it away. I might have thrown away a little thing that came in a little full packet
Deborah Preslar: Away.
Deborah Preslar: And I'm not gonna say where I got one, because that would ensure a really long standing relationship with a friend. I don't want to go there.
Mary Kastner: Okay. So have you ever tried anything for your pain like
Mary Kastner: Cymbalta or do locks, a team.
Deborah Preslar: More Cymbalta made me sick. There's an underdog. I suppose it doesn't work for me.
Mary Kastner: How did it make you sick.
Deborah Preslar: It just made me sick. I mean, I have diverse going
Deborah Preslar: Down.
Deborah Preslar: As soon as I quit about Dean have hundred quit the stomach's a situation quit.
Deborah Preslar: You don't think you tried me on right now twice now the trade. It didn't work. I mean, it may work, it might work. But I'm not going to sit there and throw up all day, just for medication to work for my pain.
Deborah Preslar: Then yes the purpose
Yeah.
Deborah Preslar: So I haven't taken heroin. I've done, I've only been injected with more thing twice. Once back east at a hospital. I got my hand smash and once here.
Deborah Preslar: I was having I'm extremely bad back and leg pain and it took me in and did a mercy MRI and found out that I had a
Deborah Preslar: Treated just as well as this file. Suppose I gave me a shot of morphine for my pain is sent me home that morphine shot must last a while because I didn't feel any pain for three or four days later, but medicine last quite a while for with my body if I'm doing it right.
Deborah Preslar: But I haven't had anything to do with morphing and no Street.
Deborah Preslar: Know St George's like what I said. I got my friend, but that's not gonna happen anymore.
Deborah Preslar: After I dealt with this watch, and can do for me. I don't want anymore the narcos
Deborah Preslar: Mm hmm. I'm not doing anything. No street drugs or anything right now. The only thing, my dad I do smoke weed. I just destroy your ticket allergy feels like you're doing edibles and stuff because it helps with the pain. I just don't like what it does to my head, I GUESS WE LOST SOMETIMES.
Mary Kastner: Yeah okay and
Mary Kastner: Do you have any other medical problems.
Deborah Preslar: Well,
Deborah Preslar: I think we have you pretty much got her on bipolar I've spinal stenosis I fibromyalgia.
Deborah Preslar: They've tested me for ADHD, which I think I have a little bit of the things are true to that to the bipolar.
Deborah Preslar: Acid reflux. I have some pretty bad Berkeley saints, but they're not treating them and I have boss. Right. It's all through my body.
Deborah Preslar: But, at my age. I'm not surprised.
Mary Kastner: Okay, does it. Has anybody told you you have tardive dyskinesia
Deborah Preslar: Is that were up on yourself.
Mary Kastner: No.
Mary Kastner: It's the time movement. You know, it kind of moves around like you're chewing.
Deborah Preslar: Or no
Time us out.
Deborah Preslar: Oh no, nothing like that.
Deborah Preslar: Uh huh. No.
Mary Kastner: Because I'm seeing like
Deborah Preslar: I talk too fast and my computer my dentures that cannot kill her, and
Deborah Preslar: If I stick my tongue out is because I'm not used to I draw a lot because when I go home. I keep stopping the drool.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then you're riding a lot
Deborah Preslar: White polar and when I'm nervous. I do that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so right now I'm you're having Florida five pain. How about anxiety 10 being the most anxious. You've ever been.
Deborah Preslar: 10 I thought I was having a heart attack.
Mary Kastner: Do you have panic attacks.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah.
Deborah Preslar: But not real bad. What that is, it used to be.
Deborah Preslar: a panic attack usually hit me when I'm
Deborah Preslar: A family member or friend. That's something of me and I can't produce it. You know, like a chore, or whatever it might be because of my health reasons I it's either too much pain.
Deborah Preslar: It's mostly the pain, the pain keeps you from wanting to do things and doing things and I'll have an anxiety attack because I'm mad at the situation.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Deborah Preslar: And it had me on
Deborah Preslar: I'm canceling. It's like a Valium.
Deborah Preslar: Ambien, no, not me. That's asleep pill. No, I can't take advantage
Deborah Preslar: And he had he had me on that a very low dosage to control the anxiety because my blood pressure was going sky high. Every time I had one of these tax has been
Deborah Preslar: To many evenings days over to urgent care didn't get it with my heart or whatever. Right. You know what was going on.
Deborah Preslar: So they would send me home with you know after sort of Ambien or add an Ambien and Ben and a, I guess, as a de stressor, and I'd be fine.
Deborah Preslar: But he said for me to call you to try and live more of a stress free environment or it doesn't work that way. I live in my mom.
Deborah Preslar: I can't keep up with the housework. I can't find anybody to hire to do it because every time we do it doesn't turn out. Right. So I have a lot of stress already
Deborah Preslar: And the anti cancer compound that I have three people that are disappointed in me because I can't be what I used to be.
Deborah Preslar: And that causes my anxiety. My rocking Iraq is especially bad when I feel like I'm not being what the person wants me to be
Deborah Preslar: In whatever general purpose out might be whether they'll be talking or producing housework or doing the laundry. It doesn't matter if someone is expecting these to do something, I get really anxious
Mary Kastner: Okay, and who is prescribing the tutor.
Deborah Preslar: Oh, um,
Deborah Preslar: Let's see. Dustin Chico.
Mary Kastner: How do you spell his name.
Deborah Preslar: Yes, I can. You know, honestly, I don't know, just there, Justin, but the last name is JC ot it's pronounced your co i think it's Just Dustin, okay. I can't remember which one
Mary Kastner: We need to get a release of information from him.
Mary Kastner: You think okay that call back in and sign a release of information for him.
Deborah Preslar: Well,
Mary Kastner: All we have is for Dr. Pearson
Deborah Preslar: Pearson isn't my doctor
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so we need
Mary Kastner: Right.
Deborah Preslar: You can't send it
Mary Kastner: To the psychiatrists, it might be a filling years
Deborah Preslar: What's like
Mary Kastner: Whoever is filling your lead to death.
Deborah Preslar: That's my doctor. I've not seen it. Look, I have not seen a psychiatrist in years.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so Dr. Joe is filling it
Deborah Preslar: Yes, they tried your medications on the they weren't working he offered me writing tutor and Lyrica and their work. Wonderful.
Yeah.
Deborah Preslar: And they will focus. I have the chronic
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I think you're doing fine. I'm just wondering
Mary Kastner: If I were you, I would take the tuba.
Mary Kastner: Twice to twice a day.
Like he suggested
Deborah Preslar: Also trying like
Mary Kastner: And then I also like your idea of moving your Gavin Penton to the bedtime.
Mary Kastner: And you could actually take
Mary Kastner: Three to four those at bedtime.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah, I knew, I knew I could. The reason why I wasn't taken so many nighttime was my ability to walk. I have to go to the bathroom.
Deborah Preslar: I see I can keep
Deborah Preslar: On going to take to I can wake up to the bathroom. I can do to the Gabba pin at the same time, I can get up every three or four hours.
Deborah Preslar: Or less to go to the bathroom. I'll take my government. And then, but I don't like the idea of a bunch of them up like that because the way I sleep. I have to walk.
Mary Kastner: How many hours of sleep. Are you getting
Deborah Preslar: Last night I got a good four hours and another three
Deborah Preslar: I think only woke up once, go to the bathroom, which is unusual for me.
Okay.
Deborah Preslar: I can't, I can't make it to the bathroom that we have in the house does this occur on the other in the house. So I have a
Deborah Preslar: Caregiver toilet here. It's on a bucket.
Deborah Preslar: And
Deborah Preslar: I wait till either my brother can empty or if I can empty it I don't let it get real, for I just, you know, through the night or whatever every two days, maybe it's a it's just P i don't worry about it too much, you know, but
Deborah Preslar: I have been using a bucket down for about a month and a half.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Is your brother living with you or dizzy check
Deborah Preslar: In oh
Deborah Preslar: No, he lives in a trailer Outback
Deborah Preslar: Uh huh. Him and His caregiver, my brother has cured. Your also but
Deborah Preslar: David doesn't have. I don't expect you to MTA. I just did it once or twice when it was kind of heavy for me. I wasn't feeling good.
Deborah Preslar: It's almost impossible for me to lift anything in the morning. Yeah, I just, I, I'm not supposed to be lifting anything heavy anyway because the spinal stenosis.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah, but then they just found out that I have a
Deborah Preslar: Distance really bad in my lower back.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Are
Mary Kastner: They gonna do any surgeries on your near your back.
Deborah Preslar: Well, I mean, I'm leading
Deborah Preslar: From I finally got a doctor who's willing to accept partnership yes expects a bunch of crap out of me. Um, he's going to
Deborah Preslar: I'm waiting for Justin to co to send a referral this Dr Asante I had a doctor all lined up, but it wasn't working out.
Deborah Preslar: I was going over there, a lot and he wasn't giving me any
Deborah Preslar: Scheduled 30 days or anything. So I found another doctor the same outfit Asante in
Deborah Preslar: Progress testimony and he doesn't do that he either tells you it's gonna take you on or do the surgery or what he does Mr around about it. Um, but I'm fairly certain that I'll probably be seeing him for the knee relatively soon.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Deborah Preslar: That back, they don't want to do any surgery and killing it can figure out think eliminate the pain. I've undergone an epidural injection on
Deborah Preslar: December know December, I'm
Deborah Preslar: Jeff really easy on my dates. I don't remember a moment, but I just had an epidural injection within the last month and a half or so. Anyway, I went in Saturday.
Deborah Preslar: For my checkup for
Deborah Preslar: After you know whatever they call it chicken and after you've had a procedure done. And he said, my oxygen levels. Good luck for everything was good. We discussed my back and
Deborah Preslar: They're going to do another epidural injection because they've taken as well as he had hoped.
Deborah Preslar: And as far as the egos he offered me two different solutions if I can't get surgery. Either they're gonna put some duping money.
Deborah Preslar: That's all he said goop is something where they put school and your knee, it kind of helps us a false false some shock absorber for it.
Deborah Preslar: Or they're going to go in and put an go in and get on my nerves are somehow blocked my going to my knee so that I'm not experiencing such excruciating pain.
Deborah Preslar: But the problem is so much pain anymore. It pops out any given moment. And it's excruciating yet, but I can't use my legs for at least a day and a half after pops out
Deborah Preslar: It's been doing it more and more all the time. So I don't want to put a nerf blocker in there. And then how many go out and I may not know what to do because I can't feel any pain.
Deborah Preslar: Where I don't know. So, I mean, I don't know. I'm just like you and I don't anyway. But I'm not seeing any other doctors, other than Dr. M stands for and he's the one that's been doing the the epidural injections and stuff.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Whatever. What I'm gonna do is check with our, our program to see
Mary Kastner: What we can offer as far as his pain goes
Deborah Preslar: Well, will I be able to get what I was under the assumption or maybe I just took him too much, but I was told that I could probably get a prescription for Suboxone by today.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah, true.
Mary Kastner: Well for pain. The
Mary Kastner: Suboxone derivative is called be trans
And you're like,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you said you tried that and it didn't work.
Deborah Preslar: The matches the pain patches.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so
Deborah Preslar: And I, but I've tried to Suboxone and it didn't make me feel that way.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it is illegal to prescribe Suboxone for pain.
Mary Kastner: You need to have
Deborah Preslar: A. I don't understand, because that's what they told me I was getting Suboxone for
Mary Kastner: Yeah Suboxone is treatment.
Mary Kastner: For opioid dependence or
Deborah Preslar: I think that's why I think that's why they wanted me on next. They don't want me taking the narcos anymore.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah, I don't have
Mary Kastner: So that you know I'm just going to check with our medical director and
Deborah Preslar: Your middle name.
Mary Kastner: Your middle name is Lynn right
Deborah Preslar: Yes, that's correct. Right.
Deborah Preslar: Basically killing me. You're not going to give me a nice to Boston for my thing.
Mary Kastner: Not right now. Until I check out if we can do that.
Deborah Preslar: Well, if you don't have them all these other people get thing I have five people I talked to yesterday that I know personally. It was getting squashed it for pain.
Mary Kastner: That's interesting.
Deborah Preslar: I don't understand, because that's what they told me I was getting it for it. That's what Dr. Pearson said. He said, we're going to get used to boxing for pain relief. That's what he said.
Mary Kastner: Well, like I said,
Deborah Preslar: I'm making it up.
Mary Kastner: They could prove me wrong on this, I need to check with the medical director
Deborah Preslar: Well, this got me really upset because I hate kids keep putting I keep getting put on the back burner for my page and I keep getting denied. And I'd like to know why.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, well, the pain treatment is pure trance. The Cymbalta
Mary Kastner: The Gabba Penton
Mary Kastner: The flexor, those are all appropriate pain medications, but we don't use Suboxone for that. Now, I could be wrong. That's why I'm checking with
Mary Kastner: With the program.
Mary Kastner: Is they should have given you that information up front.
Deborah Preslar: They all they told me was, was that when he gave me the number for you guys. They said that that was to be treated for my pain and no I wouldn't need anything else, once I got out of the box. Did I went
Deborah Preslar: North hills or anything.
Deborah Preslar: Yet he said not to take more goes to the same time as you're watching it will make you very sick. Besides that, it's
Deborah Preslar: blocking agent in it, it will block any opiates put in your system while you're on it and it will make you sick. And I will. I don't have a problem without quit normals all together. I just getting them too much pain. I mean,
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Well, I don't, don't get too upset yet until we know the doors closed on this. I've got to ask
Deborah Preslar: Well, I don't know, I just, I feel like I'm getting the runaround
Deborah Preslar: I've been trying to get on Suboxone for two months and I and my phone was all acting up and it wouldn't let me get into you guys
Deborah Preslar: So I've been waiting for you guys to call me. I didn't get a call. So I finally got a number for somebody else.
Deborah Preslar: Who's on it and they told me, and Dr. Pearson wanted to focus on it yet or not. And I said, No, but I'm going to try really hard today to do that.
Deborah Preslar: As well. I've been trying. I've been on the phone all morning trying to get this great now and now I'm told that I may not get it because it's not giving out for a. That was the sole reason why they give me this information to begin with.
Deborah Preslar: I have a right to be upset because I feel like I'm getting the runaround
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it sounds like it.
Deborah Preslar: Okay, well,
Mary Kastner: Trans made you
Deborah Preslar: Are you talking about the packages now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, no.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you said what did. What did that do for you, nothing.
Deborah Preslar: It made me sick. It made me feel like I'm I mean it first. It worked. It worked pretty good at first, and then it made me feel like I wanted to go out and get some math, like I was chosen for a mess.
Deborah Preslar: And I didn't like that feeling. So I called the clinic, cuz I'm going to stop taking it. Get the patch or off the not to move them on anymore. That's when I had to go see another doctor, Dr. Pearson and he put me through to thought right heart.
Deborah Preslar: And he said, we need to get your pain I'm taking care of this. What we're gonna do we're gonna have you go through this company and they'll give you the prescription that you need.
Deborah Preslar: Okay, that's exactly what he said you could call him over there today. If you want to ask him, but that's Dr. Pearson. He's the one who prescribed me to Suboxone or said he'll I get a prescription for it.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm just writing that down so we can get to the answer here.
Deborah Preslar: His he is in a wheelchair. He has Parkinson's or something. He hasn't debilitating disease in a wheelchair. He doesn't have the bodily functions for his head.
Deborah Preslar: He has a helper and his helper said because I said, What am I supposed to do for you know this box. And he said, that's what it is, is a painkiller.
Deborah Preslar: It will help you get through what you're going through the fibromyalgia and the spinal stenosis and everything else and you won't have to. You can't take any normals with it.
Deborah Preslar: You have to just take it and I've talked to five different people. They all said the same thing. They're getting it for pain and it's helped him like night and day.
Deborah Preslar: From their God. They weren't taking any more knuckles are invited and whatever. And he was strictly on Suboxone doing wonders for them and they are, they're the ones that company.
Deborah Preslar: You're boosting me into getting getting on here as who's like cancel. I could be like them. I'm not gonna suffer every day, like I am.
Oh,
Mary Kastner: No, I want you to either
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm sending this to
Mary Kastner: To the medical director. I'm hoping that we get any answer for you.
Deborah Preslar: Today,
Deborah Preslar: Your pain and you
Deborah Preslar: Really
Deborah Preslar: Don't
Mary Kastner: So I'm Deborah.
Mary Kastner: You're breaking
Mary Kastner: Deborah.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so that I sent this off. We're going to try to get any here yeah I sent this off. We're going to try to get an
Deborah Preslar: Answer for you and
Mary Kastner: Yes, something happened.
Deborah Preslar: Cutting out
Mary Kastner: Something happened to connection.
Deborah Preslar: So, okay, now
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I sent this to the medical director in the program director. We're going to try to get an answer and get back to you later today.
Deborah Preslar: I'm like, Okay.
Mary Kastner: Because right now, I, my hands are tied because that's not what Suboxone issues for
Deborah Preslar: That just doesn't make any sense to me because every person I talked to one of them was having surgery on her hand and he said he probably wouldn't have been from there on out.
Deborah Preslar: She, she's on Suboxone my other friend she was. She has severe back pain.
Deborah Preslar: Then she had a herniated disc and so they put her on Suboxone for the pain, the other one had it had a surgery on her leg and prior to your habits are on her like she's done a lot of pain. So they put her on Suboxone. See, I'm good. I'm totally confused.
Mary Kastner: Yeah I am, too, because I'm either they're not telling you the whole story.
Deborah Preslar: You know as to why people I know these people. And I know which ones had an opiate problem and with which ones didn't. Yeah. And what did he, he knows me well I know that she didn't tell me if that was what the problem was.
Deborah Preslar: But yes, I have an opiate addiction, I suppose, because if I can't get any other help. I go to the north coast.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Deborah Preslar: I guess I am addicted, because I know that they'll work, to a certain degree, it just don't work like this washing does
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I sent a note, hopefully I'll get back to you later today.
Mary Kastner: Or someone in the program well
Deborah Preslar: It has to be today. Okay, I just, just make a note, I cannot be reached on Wednesday, because I haven't
Deborah Preslar: dental appointment up in Brookings and that's that takes up half my day. And then I have to be there for when they're taking my puppy and for her. Her shots and stuff so I won't be in here that afternoon either Wednesday.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'll make a note of that.
Deborah Preslar: You guys will get a hold of me today.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm hoping so to Deborah. Don't give up. I know this is very disappointing. I'm
Mary Kastner: I mean,
Mary Kastner: I'm pleased with how you taking your medicine that you told me you're taking. If you can increase and make sure that you're always taking that GABBA Penton at least
Mary Kastner: Three or four of those 300 milligrams a day that might be helpful.
Deborah Preslar: I've done that I've done that route.
Deborah Preslar: Where religious
Deborah Preslar: And it doesn't do anything for my pain.
Deborah Preslar: You know, it doesn't make me. It makes me so I don't care for a little while, but nothing for my
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Deborah Preslar: And I know, I know. The doctors
Deborah Preslar: The doctors were that helpful. Well, it doesn't help and helps with my
Mary Kastner: Treatment is for you to get your knee in back surgically operated, you know, to get some relief.
Deborah Preslar: Well, that's not gonna help my dad kidding.
Deborah Preslar: Yeah, I mean, my background and constipation, my back. Because to me.
Deborah Preslar: I mean, I'm sorry, and I'm sure you'll take this physically, but I'm really gets tired keep hearing it. I can't be helped and it's not personal.
Deborah Preslar: I know you have to talk to some people, but I was told from the earlier that once I see the dark here. I can probably get my message today. And I was like,
Mary Kastner: Well, let's hope I'm wrong.
Mary Kastner: But
Mary Kastner: We got to get it cleared. Okay.
Mary Kastner: All right.
Mary Kastner: Okay, we'll get back to you.
Mary Kastner: Please take it easy.
Deborah Preslar: I will
Deborah Preslar: My bike. Okay, bye.
Deborah Preslar: I don't know how to
Mary Kastner: How to end the meeting. Okay. Okay, so I'm gonna be this is Deborah pressler EMR and 2850 she's the diagnostic diagnosis of
Mary Kastner: bi polar disorder by history and chronic pain disorder with due to
Mary Kastner: Spinal stenosis in arthritic knee and fibromyalgia her chief complaint listed come to us to get Suboxone for pain.
Mary Kastner: Her pain today was four or five out of 10 anxiety 10 out of 10 I'm her audit see was zero deaths 10 to she had a history 10 years ago of methamphetamine.
Mary Kastner: Dependence and alcohol.
Mary Kastner: Both of which she says she has not continue to use since about 1995 on the alcohol 10 years ago and met she's smoking when they have packs per day she struggles with self care.
Mary Kastner: So she has a history of time you trans and didn't like it felt like she was withdrawn from methamphetamine.
Mary Kastner: She's living with an 82 year old mother and has a disabled brother who lives in a trailer behind him.
Mary Kastner: She occasion will call someone who has an arco to help her get out of, you know, she'll take half cap detail help her get up out of bed due to her pain.
Mary Kastner: In she took a piece of a strip of Suboxone that she didn't like and then later took the rest of the Suboxone and found that it was helpful for her pain for several days seems like she
Mary Kastner: Takes some medication. She's prescribed, which is Lyrica 75 one to two times a day or two to 20 milligrams to a day for up to be idea of a pendant 302 T ID.
Mary Kastner: Which makes her sleeping for methods in flex your own private sector all
Mary Kastner: PRN medications seems like she's taking the routine one's kind of irregularly she has symptoms of TD with some lip smacking and she relates to being a dental is
Mary Kastner: She had
Mary Kastner: A lot of
Mary Kastner: Restless movement and she said she also takes medical marijuana edibles for her pain.
Mary Kastner: So what I did is
Mary Kastner: Put a note into program director medical director regarding use of Suboxone with that for pain. So I don't see an addiction dependence problem.
Mary Kastner: So hopefully someone in the program will get back to her later today. I didn't finish the intake because of that mental status what when she was on time.
Mary Kastner: She says she's able to
Mary Kastner: Get into the bathtub three times a week, we can get dressed. She uses a bedside commode often because she has trouble with emulation.
Mary Kastner: And due to her knee and back pain, but she says, mostly, she can empty that commode herself. She seemed to be oriented she she was quite upset. After I told her I wasn't certainly could sister with Suboxone or otherwise she was highly anxious
Mary Kastner: She seemed oriented and she did not have hallucinations, delusions during our exchange.
Mary Kastner: She appeared older than her status, age, casual dress. A lot of rocking moments or speech rate and volume coherent thought process appropriate for
Mary Kastner: The content logical non tangential insight inflection today's
Mary Kastner: Issues when it was noted as normal.
Mary Kastner: She denied wanting. So I put her per suicide risk assessment at moderate because of her severe pain, but I am not certain that she's had any ideation or attempt
Mary Kastner: OK. So the plan is to wait for for the direction from the program. And that's it for her on my first two today. I didn't give you a mental status exam because the first one was so late.
Mary Kastner: I just noted that he was welcome it was pacing had overtime size holes from structures that he put in his ear lobes, he's oriented.
Mary Kastner: He was functioning independent
Mary Kastner: And he's mood was anxious and depressed with congregant effect.
Mary Kastner: He peered is stated age casual dress speech rate and volume or no thought process appropriate rage and development normal content logical non tangential no hallucinations, delusions during these exchange insights self reflection or today's issues.
Mary Kastner: And then as far as pretty. She was on time, good eye contact, calling into the car.
Mary Kastner: And I would say again, she has a moderate suicide risk. She was only entities functioning independent her mood and ethic.
Mary Kastner: Were depressed and anxious and congruent speech rate and volume coherent no thought process appropriate for age development know hallucinations, delusions during today's exchange insight and self reflection on today's issue.
Mary Kastner: Adequate hopefully I got all the rest of them. Right. Okay. Kind of a disjointed morning. Thank you. Bye bye.